This is a beautiful oil to treat yourself, but the bottle is misleading. If you look carefully, you can see that the liquid does not reach the bottom, that there is another glass bottom a ways up, making the bottle appear more full than it is. I took a star off for that because that’s just not cool. They could make it in a smaller bottle & people would still pay $48 for it. It’s a nice product. I wish, however, that it didn’t have the olive oil in it, because that’s what I think is causing acne in a lot of girls skin. For those with acne or if you just don’t want to pay this much, you can get the same “velvet“ results with rosehip oil. The Ordinary has one for 10 bucks. Rosehip oil can help reduce your inflammatory acne, get rid of acne scars, and clear your skin. Rosehip oil is an anti-inflammatory, able to reduce swelling and fluid buildup. Rosehip oil has a low rating of 1-2 on the comedogenic scale (a.k.a. not likely to clog dem pores). Plus, the linoleic fatty acids in rosehip oil have been shown to reduce oil production in oily skin types which can help prevent future acne. I received this Velvet Skin Drink as a sample & like others, I was impressed, but I found it for brand new & sealed for $24 on Mercari. Personally, because of the olive oil filler and the bottle deception, I wasn’t willing to pay $48. They do some great marketing, evidently, as it’s out of stock all the time. They make it sound like it’s made of purely grapes, which it’s not & the bottle deception just isn’t worth the hype. Yes, the product is beautiful & makes your skin very soft, but is it softer than my Ordinary Rosehip oil? Nah. This is something nice to splurge on if I find a good deal, because of the of Sarantoni grapes, Resveratrol and lactic acid. But there are no studies on the benefits of these grapes over other grapes & they don’t say how much Resvertal and lactic acid they use. I wouldn’t consider this an active of any of those products. The Ordinary has both for cheap. Beautiful Product, but not worth the hype