Pros: - Ingredients - I absolutely love the combination of ingredients.- Shape of Container: 1-2 pumps are enough for the entire face.- Application: Not only is the application smooth but it absorbs very quickly into my face.Cons:- Price: Although I have used expensive products before, I tend to gravitate towards cheaper, more effective products cause continuous use of this would rack up a lot of money.- Side Effects: Not only does it burn but it made my upper neck dark! I’ve noticed, a few times in the last 6 weeks that I used this product, that my face will burn 10 mins after application, which is right before I put on the moisturizer or immediately after putting on the moisturizer. I don’t know if it’s cause it’s too strong (I have never used tranexamic acid before, and my face is iffy with glycolic acid (GA). All GA are not created equal (trust me on that). PC’s GA works well for me but the others I have tried did not. So, I’m not sure if that is why, but those moments when it burned or tinkled was NOT FUN!Since I am trying to find out what products work best, I have been taking pics regularly to see the progress of my face. That’s how I noticed that my neck was getting dark. Normally, I only add moisturizer to my neck. but this product said to include it on my neck as well, so I did. Big mistake. I’ve stop using this product 3wks now, so my neck is slowly returning to its normal color.Indifferent:- Scent: It’s not that bad. I know others complained but I’m not bothered by it. If you’ve used non-scented skincare products before, you will know what it smells like.Verdict: While it has great ingredients and the application is smooth, I wouldn’t repurchase. For the price I paid, and the ingredients present, I expected more of a difference in my skin (I am using something now which is better, and it is more than 50% less than this price). The face burning and the residual darkness on my neck is a no. Product is okay but not great; so, 3 stars. Sadly, it's a no for me.