I love a rich & soft cream during the Winter, but, not so much in the Summer…right now, it’s currently right in the middle of Summer so this could’ve went either way. Luckily, I ended up enjoying this Cream. I’m already very familiar with the brand, Kiehl’s and their products as I’ve tried many and already have a few incorporated into my day/night routines. This Midnight Recovery Omega-Rich Cloud Cream didn’t disappoint, but….it also didn’t “wow” me in the sense it is what I would label as a “Holy Grail”. I always peep the formula before I ever do a thorough patch test. This formula contains both Linalool (which could potentially cause irritation overtime as the ingredient can oxidize after opening the cream repeatedly), Citronellol & Citral (one of 26 fragrances in the EU that must be labeled separately instead of being labeled “fragrance/perfume” due to the potential of a negative reaction occurring for those who may have sensitive skin) so it does have a fragrance/scent that some may find irritating at first, luckily the scent does fade & its at a nice ratio that you don’t cough up a lung from the concentration. The light blue tone with the whipped texture had me sold as soon as I opened this. The richness of the Cream was nicely balanced with the whipped texture, my hair wasn’t getting stuck to the side of my face regardless of what the humidity level was at. Has a bit of an oily undertone, however, didn’t leave behind that “glossy” look. Applying is easy without any resistance. I preferred rubbing this cream between my fingers before actually applying to thin out the format just a bit then going over it with a heating device right before it was absorbed.  After repeated use I could definitely see a difference in the overall tone of my skin, was a lot softer & even. No irritation of any kind. Would purchase mainly due to the cream maintaining the moisture barrier and the nourishment provided. No need to follow up with an overnight mask after using this cream. A Nice Botanical Based Cream