I excitedly came across the first mention of this many years back in one of Paula’s Choice’ FAQ sessions on how to tackle Keratosis Pilaris (chicken skin). It was something they were planning on launching in the future. Recently whilst browsing online I stumbled upon BHA 9 and realized that this was THAT product, though not sure how I hadn’t spotted it sooner! Purchased a tube straight away and tried it out on two areas: my t-zone and the KP on my upper right arm. On my t-zone I wanted to see how it would work on reducing pore size if used every night and it did make a difference, I noticed them become somewhat less visible within 2 weeks, but more so, it greatly reduced the clogged pores/comedones on my nose. On my arms I decided only to apply on one side because, frankly, there isn’t much product in this tiny 0.3 fl oz tube, and also it lets me get a visual comparison between the treated and untreated side. On my arm I’ve noticed on week 2 that there is slightly less redness and bumpiness, however it isn’t hugely significant and not something price-wise I can justify spending on long term. However I’ve read if combined with a 10% urea moisturizer it can work better so I will try to add that into my routine in the morning and keep BHA 9 for night use. I also find this works great on healing blemishes overnight. I just dab a bit on problem areas of my face (usually chin) and leave it to work its magic whilst I sleep. ~ My Sephora Top 7 must-have list ~(My top 7 must-have beauty products of all time, focusing mainly on my purchases at Sephora)1. Hair Loss Treatment: ‘Divine Herbal’ - Hair Oil 2. Shampoo: ’Sephora Collection’ - Deep Cleaning Shampoo3. Face Mask: ‘Peter Thomas Roth’ – Pumpkin Enzyme Mask 4. Pigmentation + Anti-Aging Serum: ‘Divine Herbal’ - Facial Treatment Serum5. Face Scrub: ‘Sisley’ - Botanical Gentle Buffing Cream6. Lip Balm: ‘Nuxe’ – Reve De Miel Lip Balm7. Lip Liner: ‘Sephora Collection’ - Rouge Gel Lip Liner Effective on clogged pores and blemishes...