I’ve heard the hype around Barbara Sturm’s line, so I had high expectations when I received this complimentary through Influenster in exchange for my thoughts. This is a simple face cream without potent actives, though it does claim to reduce inflammation due to the inclusion of purslane and skullcap.This facial cream has a milky, almost serum-like consistency. It has great slip and easily glides over the skin. I found that I had to use very little product to cover my face and neck. I appreciated it being fragrance free. The jar is heavy glass with a matte texture that definitely looks and feels high end. However, jars contribute to ingredient breakdown and oxidation over time due to exposure to air. The efficacy of the purslane and skullcap in this formula will likely diminish over time as a result, which isn’t ideal for the price. I used this in place of my usual moisturizer for just shy of 3 weeks. I used it alongside the Hyaluronic Acid Serum. I’ve continued to use my retinoid a couple of times per week as usual. Immediately after use my skin looks and feels hydrated and supple while almost feeling like nothing is on it. It feels soothing on application, I don’t notice my face becoming greasy over time, and it wears well under makeup. But, my skin doesn’t feel like it retains moisture with this cream. After 2 weeks of regular use I noticed that my skin felt and looked more dry than usual, fine lines were more visible, and areas of redness were more pronounced. My fiancé even remarked that he could tell the difference. After resuming my usual face cream these issues resolved.While I like the consistency and feel of this cream, my usual moisturizer has better results in terms of hydration, plumping/line reduction, and complexion evening. I don’t think the price fairly reflects the formulation. I will pay high prices for products if the formula warrants it, but without potent actives or seemingly any nonstandard ingredients I think $225 for 1.69oz is asinine. Light Cream, Overpriced