I loved the idea of a vitamin C sunscreen, but this leaves a lot to be desired. I have sensitive combo skin prone to hyperpigmentation with increasing winter dryness. I used 2 pumps to cover my cheeks, where I have the most sun damage, and applied another sunblock over the whole face, and on days I have meetings, some makeup over that.I used it for over a month, and didn’t notice any lasting difference in my skin. It did look a little glossy when I applied it on my face in the mornings and it didn’t irritate my sensitive skin, so I feel neutral about it. The occasional day I skipped this, I didn’t miss it or feel like my face was dry or anything. It didn’t seem to interfere with any makeup application (liquid foundation, a bit of powder on places that need it) for me. TEXTURE was weird, and at first, it was mostly a runny yellowish oil with some foamy/creamy looking streaks, and now it’s mostly the creamy looking stuff and just a little oil. I shook the bottle before every application, and it never looked like the product photos. PACKAGING HAS MAJOR ISSUES. I generally like pump bottles, but this is crap and a waste of plastic to create a fat ball around an internal container of 1 oz. of product. The little plastic pump button gets stuck every time so I have to pull it up with my fingers before I can squeeze out another pump of product. Also, there’s obviously a fair amount of product left but the pump sputters and doesn’t pull out much product now, so instead of 2 pumps, I’m pumping 5-10 times, each time spitting out little spattery bits. The 1 oz. bottle lasted about 6 weeks of near daily use of 2 pumps of product, the last week dispensing 1 pump’s worth after repeated tries until I got frustrated and moved on. I have lots of 1 oz. bottles of different serums. I know what 1 oz. looks like and how long it should last. This container is making lots of waste of product and plastic. For $46, I wish the product looked like the photos and had a better pump. Torn btwn a 2 and 3 star. Okay product, cheap pump