In the past couple of years, I’ve noticed that my skin and body reacts more sensitively to products that may contain excessive dyes, fragrance or strong artificial ingredients. Due to this situation, I am more aware of the products that I use on my skin and the effect that it has on it. I have come to realize that often when it comes to skincare, simpler is often better for me. When I received Dior Cica Recover Balm with Chamomile, I was not sure exactly how to use this product. After reading a bit on the product, I discovered it is a multipurpose product, which can be used many ways. What I loved about this Cica balm is that I could use it to target my facial needs as well as any other problem areas on my body. Lately, I’ve been experience heightened sensitivity to skin where my undergarments cause friction and irritation to my skin. After bathing, I tried soothing these problem areas with Cica balm and I found the results to be quite favorable. The balm contains high quality ingredients like hyaluronic acid which is good for hydration, while the chamomile wax works to retain the moisture. I find the balm very easy to use, as the tube allows me to dispense the amount needed. The white, fragrance-free formula blends effortlessly into my problem skin areas without any greasy residue. I love that Dior Cica balm is both gentle and soothing, while leaving my skin soft and revitalized. Before using Cica balm, my problematic skin was irritated and dry. After using the balm, my skin felt new, soft and refreshed. This is a wonderful product that I would recommend for it’s ability to deliver lasting results with premium ingredients that are gentle and effective. While I have not yet used Cica balm as a facial mask, I look forward to trying the balm in other other ways as I find needed. So far, Dior Cica balm has worked effectively to target my problem areas and restore moisture to these sensitive spots. Dior Cica balm is a high quality premium product that delivers. Premium Skin Hydration