Citrus Clean Balm & Make Up Melt - seeing as these products are made in Korea, this cleansing balm reminds me a lot of some other Korean makeup cleansing balms. The texture is thick, and a little goes a long way. I find adding a little bit of water to it helps remove makeup very well (even though it does not say to add water in the instructions). The cleansing balm also has a slight fragrance to it - which is nice, as it is not too overwhelming, it has a bit of a “bitter“ smell/undertone to it and it didn’t bother me, and trust me, I have a very sensitive nose and I don’t typically like fragrance in my products at all.  Overall, it does what it should, and I am pretty happy with the results as it removed my 24-hour eye makeup during the first try. Lemon-Aid Detox & Glow Micro-Peel - I found it started peeling before I started even rubbing it into my skin, I’m not sure if it did much exfoliation (or I just have smooth skin and no rough patches to see the results...). As for the scent, it is very mild, which I like. However, again, like the previous item, it has a slight “bitter“ smell and undertone to it. Overall, I can’t say this did much for my skin, personally. Lastly, the Citrus-C Mask & Daily Moisturizer, the first thing that stood out to me was the scent. Now, by no means is it a strong scent. Like the rest of the kit, the scent is very mild and not strong at all (and I don’t mind it), but the turmeric may throw some people off at first, as it does have the most “bitter“ undertone to it which could be off-putting to some people. I enjoyed this as a moisturizer as it goes on nice and absorbs quickly enough with no greasy feeling. I had also used this as an overnight mask and found it did keep my skin moisturized and my skin felt super soft in the morning. Overall, for me, it was just okay, it wasn’t amazing. FINAL VERDICT: I think this set is just okay. In my opinion, there are plenty of vegan-friendly travel sets at a much lower cost. Not bad, but other alternatives available