This is my daily staple for skin care. Moisturizers & serums get rotated through over time, but this one never leaves. I am a few months away from my 32nd birthday & a few years ago I noticed small lines forming under my eyes that will inevitably become crow’s feet, as well as across my forehead because I raise my eyebrows a lot while being expressive. What I have taken away the most from this product (& I’m sure not everyone will be happy to hear this) is that this serum is a wonderful preventative & probably works best when used as such. Ironically, a tiktok ad for this product popped up while I was writing this review & it was being described as “Botox in a bottle,“ but let’s clarify. Is this product going to give you the same drastic preventative results that Botox would? No, we’re not going to be able to paralyze muscles with a bottle of peptides. This seems like common sense to me but there’s enough disappointed people in the reviews to make me want to point that out. To me, ’Botox in a bottle’ means “this product is meant to be used as a preventative, and how MUCH it prevents depends on you & when you decide to start combating signs of aging.“ In the last (almost) 2 years since I’ve began using this product, the lines on my forehead have definitely minimized (not gone away) but I’d say it’s mostly just kept things from progressing. My wrinkles have NOT deepened.Sadly, The reason I really noticed the results was by comparison to my younger sibling who always had nice skin. She does not share the same concerns about aging that I do & doesn’t use much on her face besides a lotion with some hyaluronic acid in it. Though she is a few years younger (still in her 20s) & we share the exact same parents, complexion, etc., (I also have a high-stress, fast-paced job/lifestyle while she’s a homebody that works from home) she has deeper forehead, under & side eye wrinkles: mine you can only see up close & hers are noticeable from across the room. I was very surprised. 2x Daily User