I was really hoping to get on well with the Glow Recipe Avocado Ceramide Cleanser. I’m a big fan of every Glow Recipe product I’ve tried in the past, and I’ve tried most of them. However, I do have dry skin, which is quite sensitive. So I have to be careful about using and/or overusing active ingredients like exfoliants, vitamin C, retinol, etc. I’m also allergic to Niacinamide, so that’s a no-go. Sadly, I can’t use most Glow Recipe products very often. Other than the Banana Souffle Cream, which has been heartbreakingly 💔 discountinued. I still use that one daily.So when I saw this cleanser, I thought it was going to be perfect for me, as it seems to have no notable harsh ingredients, and was designed for more dry and sensitive skin types. Plus, I love a creamy, gentle cleanser with ceramides. Unfortunately, one or more of the ingredients in this formulation just didn’t agree with my skin, and caused sensitivity and irritation. I don’t really know which ingredients caused the issue. I gave the cleanser 4 stars, because my skin is quite sensitive, & most people probably wouldn’t have a sensitivity to the ingredients. I really like the cleanser overall, and I wish I could continue using it.This cleanser is a green creamy liquid, which produces a very light froth. I like this type of cleanser, because they are generally the most gentle, non-stripping types of cleansers. It does cleanse the face and neck thoroughly. I don’t really wear makeup often anymore, so I cannot report on the cleanser’s ability to remove makeup. The cleanser appears to have no added fragrances, and there really is no detectable scent. I love the fact that it contains ceramides, because my skin usually flourishes when ceramides are in a truly gentle formulation. I’m really disappointed that I cannot continue to use this cleanser, but I’m sure many people would do well with it & love it. If you know that you aren’t sensitive to any of the ingredients, I would highly recommend this cleanser. Nice Ceramide Cleanser - Unfortunate Sensitivities