I don’t understand why La Mer’s eye concentrate cream has anything less than stellar reviews. I first tried the mini size to make sure it would be worth the admittedly insane price tag, and I noticed a difference around my whole eye area before even finishing that tiny jar (which, sadly, doesn’t come with the massager tool that the regular size includes—or, at least, it didn’t when I tried the mini a few years ago).Tip for getting the most out of this (actually all) eye cream: stop using so much. You only need an amount for under/around each eye area that’s no bigger than a grain of rice. Any more and you’re essentially glopping up the application area by layering on too much product. The little wand makes it especially easy to make sure you’re not getting too much cream out (and thus wasting product/basically setting actual dollars on fire).Is this THE most incredible, worth-every-cent luxury eye cream out there? I have no idea; I’ve only personally used maybe 4 or 5 different eye creams from different luxury brands on a long-term enough basis to be able to compare them. But amongst those other well-known and equally expensive (if not more so) options, the La Mer eye concentrate cream without question holds its own.Cons: - as other reviews mention, the scent is a little odd, at least at first. A little more….planty? maybe? than the regular Crème de La Mer scent (or most other La Mer products of varying consistencies). Just more *there* in general than the scent of the Crème or the other La Mer moisturizers. (But it’s not, FWIW, like the scent of the Replenishing Oil Exfoliator, which has its own -unique- scent distinct from the rest of the line’s products…. In case anyone considering the eye concentrate cream is familiar with the exfoliator..)- obviously the cost, but again, you can try the (slightly more affordable) mini version first and that jar will still last a substantial amount of time—enough to decide if the product is working for you, in any case. 100% worth it