I have struggled with acne since middle school and still struggle now at 27. I have used Proactiv, Clinique, Drunk Elephant, La Roche Posay, ALL OF IT. It’s hard to find an acne system or combination of products that did not dry out my skin and make it peel or burn. When I did find products that worked, the price tag was such that I was spending over $100 a month (way too much for me). Having acne costs enough already between the physical and emotional harm it brings. I started looking into different acids and ingredients online that would help my breakouts and scarring without damaging my skin. Lactic acid is in so many expensive acne/dark spot serums and creams and this stuff is a great place to start before pulling the trigger on a $40-$60 product. Lactic acid has made a HUGE difference in my skin, not just my face but also my chest and back and thighs. I use it every day on my face and it has also helped fade post acne marks on my back, legs, and booty! This stuff does not burn, though it may tingle initially and cause some purging during the first two weeks of use. If you are tired of your skin being really dry because of old school products containing benzoyl peroxide and alcohol, and then getting oily and breaking out again as soon as you stop using them, TRY LACTIC ACID. It exfoliates by removing dead skin cells and increasing cell turnover rate, which helps to get all the nasty gunk out of your face without using a harsh mask or peeling solution. Better yet, it is able to do this while balancing your moisture levels so that you don’t dry out like crazy. This lactic acid product specifically is my favorite and you can’t beat the price! Keep at it even if you start noticing small white heads forming all over your face during the first two weeks. Avoid popping them and use this only at night. The breakouts will slow down dramatically and you will start to notice your post acne scars fading and your skin tone evening out. BEST Exfoliant/Resurfacer for Sensitive/Acne/Dry