Let me preface this by saying I don’t have particularly sensitive skin—I’ve had no problem with even daily use of products like acids or other retinols in the past. However, even after 6 months of trying to get my skin adjusted to this product, I still can only use it once a week without getting EXTREMELY and noticeably flaky, even if I mix/follow it up with a moisturizer. I was introduced to this through a deluxe sample back when it was in a tube (I’m not sure if it was just an older and less active sample, if the tube had something to do with the stability of the retinol, or if they changed formulas). In the tube, I used the product ~4 times a week with no issue. I saw some improvement in forehead lines so I bought it myself (now in the pump bottle) and continued use as I had before. My skin got extremely flaky, but I figured I was just adjusting to a “fresh” (and therefore more active) bottle. After 2 or 3 weeks of continued flakiness with no sign of improvement, I scaled back use until settling on once a week only, which I combined with B-hydra to avoid irritation. I’ve been using this product once a week (Sunday nights only) for about 5 months now, so last Thursday I thought I’d probably adjusted enough to use it twice in one week. I was wrong—it has now been 4 days since last use and I’m still extremely flaky to the point it’ll probably take another day or two before I’m back to normal.I’m giving the product two stars because, even just using once a week, my forehead expression lines and “11” are noticeably softer (although I just turned 28 so they weren’t thaaat deep to begin with). However, I don’t believe this is a product most people can build up to regular use with, or at least not in a reasonable timeframe. And, if only used once a week, I don’t feel like I’m getting as much anti-aging benefit as I would from a lower % product I could use more often. Basically, it’s just not worth the price, and there are other retinols that don’t tear up my skin. too strong for regular use