I was super excited when I received Lancôme Rénergie H.C.F. Triple Serum from Influenster for free for testing purposes, so that I could test this product myself, in order to give my completely honest and truthful review of this product. #incentivized #Influenster The Lancôme Rénergie H.C.F. Triple Serum bottle is actually divided into three totally different chambers, which I was able to see once I opened it. The nozzle actually has three separate openings so that each one of the active ingredients can be maintained separately. Developing a bottle, as such, allows for each ingredient to remain stable up until the point of being ready to be mixed and applied to your face! The only issue that I encountered with this bottle was user error and completely my fault, so it is so important to make sure that prior to your first time utilizing this product that you TURN THE BOTTLE UPSIDE-DOWN and shake firmly a few times to prime the pumps to dispense the formulas. I completely, on accident, overlooked this direction, so it was a few times of using this product before all 3 of the serums actually starting dispensing together. & I applied this serum twice a day, once in the AM and once in the PM, after cleansing my face, but before I put my any moisturizing on my face. The texture of the serum felt super light weight on my face, and it quickly absorbed into my skin because the serum is almost like a gel to oil texture. It left my face feeling smooth, soft, and nourished! I also l loved that the serum never pilled on my face after applying other products, like my moisturizer and make-up. I really enjoyed that the serum was not overly  old in the fragrance, and it left me with just a very light scent of fragrance. After utilizing Lancôme Rénergie H.C.F. Triple Serum on my face for 2 weeks, twice a day, there were noticeable differences in my skin! My skin has a natural & healthy glow after using it, and my face feels softer and super hydrated! I most definitely recommend it! Forever LOVE 💕💞💓