This is the absolute best of face moisturizers, and I’ve used a lot of different brands and products of face creams. I thought I had a anti-aging face moisturizer that I loved, until I started using this cream and now I’ll never willingly go back to my old product. This moisturizer really does give you a confidence boost so the name is perfectly accurate. IT Cosmetics is also cruelty-free which makes me so happy and grateful. This cream is also vegan! (Thank you IT Cosmetics!)I have combination dry/oily skin that is mildly sensitive, occasional mild acne and blackheads and I have eczema that can flare up from various harsh ingredients and fragrances in skin care products, so finding the perfect face moisturizer for me was never a easy task. The first day I tried Confidence in a Cream I knew I had something special. This moisturizer keeps my face and neck looking clean, fresh and bright without making my skin oily/greasy feeling even by the end of the day, which always happened from other moisturizers. This cream has seemed to reverse my combination skin completely as I do not get oily anymore and I haven’t had any dry patch or flake on my skin either. It is very lightweight, soaks into your skin very fast and does not cause my skin to break out in pimples. When I do get a occasional pimple (caused by other factors/products), putting a dab of this cream on actually helps it heal faster. I also was curious and tried this cream over some scabs I had on my arm from a small wound that was healing slowly and to my amazement this cream helped heal my stubborn wound within a few days so now I’m left wondering... what kind of magic cream is this? The scent is very light and can definitely be considered a unisex scent. The scent does not linger on your skin long. A little bit goes a long way and spreads effortlessly. I have also noticed improvements on my “Tech Neck“ lines I developed on the front of my neck and they are barely noticeable anymore. Looking for the perfect face cream? YOU FOUND IT!