I was excited when I first received this serum in my mailbox. I had never before tried any Shiseido products before and was ready! Since this was a serum, I decided to replace my current serum in my skincare routine with this one to see its full effect! I have been using it for about three weeks to date now. First impressions was packaging and the information presented about the product. The packaging was very pretty and looked very high end. It appears to be a glass bottle with sort of a reddish pink ombre look and a large plastic cap that is reflective and metallic. The product dispenses from a pump once the cap is taken off and the bottle fits nicely in the hands. The product itself is said to strengthen skin and resist damage. According to their research with use of this serum, skin is 28% stronger in just one week of consistent use of this serum. The serum is said to strengthen the skin’s protective barrier while minimizing fine lines and wrinkles, features Reishi Mushroom and Iris Extract which are potent antioxidants that shield skin against that oxidative effects of stress, pollution, and urban life, and also hydrates skin intensely. Overall, first impressions were pretty good! The consistency of the product itself was like a thinner gel. Slightly runny and not very thick. It was an opaque white/clear color. And it smelled slightly floral and a bit perfumey, so there was definitely a fragrance to it. It had a nice slip to the skin and moved around the face nice. I used about 2-3 pumps of serum for my entire face daily. day and night in my routine. It did feel nice and very moisturizing on my skin, but it was a little tacky compared to my other serum. I felt that it took a bit longer to set into my skin than other serums I have used. It wasn’t necessarily overly greasy or oily but it just took a while to sink into my skin, in my opinion. I also had to play around with my a moisturizer to pair with this. For that reason - as well as the scent - I decided to ta Must add