Summary: BUY this  if you like scented skincare (water lily flowers), foaming, lightweight, hydrating washes, and don’t mind spending $47 on a face wash. DO NOT BUY if you hate perfumes or scented products, prefer stronger cleansers that leave the skin feeling tight, and/or can’t afford to spend this much on a face wash (a good moisturizer would be more worth it)From the scent of the cleanser, it definitely feels like a “Dior” item. The first thing I noticed was the flowery smell, which stayed throughout the entire face washing process. According to Dior, it’s scented with French water lilies, giving it a fresh, aquatic flower smell. I would avoid this if you don’t like scented products, as the smell is quite strong. If you enjoy florals and perfume-y skincare products, this would definitely be an item to try. Personally, even though I don’t usually like perfumes, I do like this product.This cleanser claims to remove harsh impurities caused by pollution, especially from urban environments, without stripping the skin of its natural barrier. It did a great job of cleansing my oily skin without being overly drying. My face did not feel unusually tight after using and the hydration was maintained. A small amount goes a long way, and it lathers up into a rich and airy foam. I worked up the lather in my hands then applied onto my face as I do with most face washes. This did not cause any breakouts on my acne prone skin. It also worked well on my family’s combo and aging, dry skin.For the price point ($47 usd), it is definitely a luxury item. I can’t really say it’s better or worse at cleaning than other face washes I’ve tried at different price points. It also hasn’t made any major noticeable changes in my skin over the period of time that I’ve used it, but I also don’t expect that out of a cleanser. Since I’m happy with all the other features (scent, texture, hydration), I would still consider purchasing this item in the future from time to time. Floral foaming face wash!