Let me start by saying that I am an experienced self tanner, so I’ve dealt with all kinds of formulas (foams, lotions, waters, wipes, etc.) and have learned the tricks of the trade for how to apply them. Im never offended by a little bit of an orange tone, so keep in mind that I’m not super picky when it comes to self-tans. If they work, I’ll use them! If they don’t, I put them to the side. I never write reviews like this. BUT… I had a Sephora gift card and Vita Liberata has a great water-like spray-on tan that I ADORE, so I was excited to try this one when I found it! I prepped the way I usually would and set out to put my tan on. I’m not picky… but this was a pretty awful experience. The mist is so fine that it got ALL OVER my bathroom. I was pretty much slipping on it, and my toilet and sink got covered in it. I blended away though and (like I said, I’m not picky!) grabbed a few towels to wipe the floors and my feet down. I gave it 2 stars for the smell, because I thought it was really pleasant. It didn’t smell like fake tan at all. But it was SO messy. I waited for it to dry for 7-10 minutes before putting clothes on, but it was still fairly tacky (which is uncomfy but not rare in a self-tan). I put it on around 6:30pm and let it develop until I went to bed around 9:30pm (it wasn’t tacky by then, so I figured it would be fine!). Well… I woke up and noticed ALL of the horrible patches. My palms were orange (I had washed my hands after application!), my wrists were splotchy, my arms had random white patches, the backs of my legs and my chest were still pale, and the color was just too orange. At this point I wasn’t ~mad~, I had just decided I didn’t love it the way I love Bondi Sands or Vita Liberata. I put one more think coat on my chest just to try to balance it with my face and I moved on with my life. I spent the day hiding my arms and pulling my sleeves down over my orange knuckles (yes, I washed my hands and they were still orange!). But still, I jus Sad, disappointed, and itchy :(