I have combo skin, but lately it has been pretty dry.  Every cleanser I have been using just does nothing or emphasizes dryness on my face and it feels a bit tight and squeaky, even the ones that are more tailored to dry skin.  It also annoys me that I have to buy an oil cleanser and a water cleanser.  I am lazy and that is expensive, and I don’t typically like how the oils and balms feel anyways.  This jelly cleanser is a holy grail for me because it combines all cleansing steps in one.  If I have makeup or SPF, sometimes I might do an extra wash like one would do with a water-based cleanser after an oil cleanse, but I don’t really find that necessary?  Something extremely amazing to me is how my skin feels after I cleanse.  It feels moisturized, even if I don’t put anything on it.  Dry patches gone.  It feels like the thirst in my skin has been quenched.  I have active acne breakouts and this has helped with the texture and roughness from them, has not exacerbated at all.  Removes everything off my face very well.  I don’t think this is a cleanser like many others on the market, it is quite unique in that it is an all-in-one cleanser.  I love this even more than their aloe gel cleanser.  That one has a lemongrass scent to it which I do love, and this one has a very subtle natural rosewater scent.  The texture makes it lovely to use and I look forward to washing my face instead of groaning and just grabbing micellar gel when I am exhausted.  It goes from the jelly, to the oil, to a really soothing milk.  It has everything I need and more.  I think this would be awesome for oily skin types as well, as this has quenched my skin with moisture and my T-Zone does not feel overactive as it typically does.  I highly recommend this cleanser (I got it from Amazon).  I don’t understand the review about this clogging their drain lol.  That is absurd.  Even in jelly form that is impossible?  So.. yeah.  I would LOVE to use as a body wash. big bottle, as well!  Cruelty free! Highly Recommend