Bottom line: I hate this spf and it’s turned me off of super goop completely. Mostly I think I hate all the nonsensical hype that is the branding/product marketing of this product. I think there is a portion of the population that might like this but to claim it fits into every routine and is formulated for every skin type is ludicrous and further, to charge what they’re charging for this product with its current formulation is insane. I also hate how little information they actually convey in the product description, it’s just a lot of buzz/fluff. I wanted to know if this was a 2 in 1 spf/moisturizer or a product like unseen that goes on top of your moisturizer. I scoured their site and found buzz/fluff like I said but nothing about the moisturizing properties of the watery lotion. So I chatted to a super goop rep and they literally copy/pasted the product description in response to me asking if this is moisturizing. How infuriating and insulting to my intelligence? Finally they agreed that this is lightly moisturizing. Hooray, an actual answer to a simple, straight forward question ... Ok real info: I’m super oily, not sensitive at all, fair skinned, experienced user of facial sunscreens. Cons: 1. the finish is so so so greasy and oily. You can call it glowy, radiant or dewy but it’s straight up oily if we’re being real. See attached photos. Gray shirt is ~15 min after application, black shirt is ~7 hours after, light walk, nap, usual daily activity. 2. This is not even close to being cosmetically elegant and if you sell it for $30+ it really really needs to be well formulated. This just isn’t. 3. It really smells like body sunscreen circa 1990 (did I mention it feels like that too?)4. It doesn’t dry, my skin felt oily and greasy to the touch all day, gross. Pros:1. Hasn’t stung my eyes yet2. No white cast for me but I’m a ghost already3. Haven’t noticed any pilling yetI hate this so much and I hate all the fake, incentivized reviews Worse than your least favorite body spf