I love that I don’t have to get out of bed to apply this, and that it’s so quick to put on. It feels soothing and wears like nothing on the skin. The finish is satiny with a slight blurring effect. Absolutely no white cast. No eye sting on me. No pilling when reapplied over bare skin. It is wonderful under makeup (emphasis on under) and will not alter the finish on different foundations that go over it. However, there are probably other sun sticks that do the same thing, if not better (with the more advanced UV filters available in other countries), at a better price point.Other caveats: - I don’t use this as a regular sunscreen because for me it does seem to cause occasional pustules and whiteheads, on areas where I do not usually get acne. - The stick format can feel uncomfortable or aggravating when using over cystic or hormonal acne.- It will absolutely pick up and move makeup. I tried this over: just a light layer of powder, unpowdered matte foundation, unpowdered cream and serum foundations, powdered foundations. Supposedly being able to reapply over makeup was one of the reasons why I splurged on this, but it’s just not tenable. - The rectangular shape of the stick can make it a bit more fussy to apply on areas that aren’t flat, like the nose.- Probably best to double-cleanse afterwards, especially with acneic skin.TL;DRI like this much better than the Shiseido lotion sunscreen, and much better than many other sunscreens. The format functions well, the formula seems effective and cosmetically elegant. The price point gets me because I don’t like paying above a certain amount for products like sunscreen that I intend to use every day, and even for special-occasion use, I’d expect products priced at this range to be near perfect. I enjoy using this but will not re-purchase. I’d recommend only to people for whom the price is not so dear, who either experience a lot of outdoor exposure or can’t be bothered to get out of bed sometimes to apply skincare. mostly for ease and finish