I received this product complimentary from Laneige in exchange for my honest review. •Superstar Ingredients•~Blue Hyaluronic Acid to provide effective, long-lasting hydration. Blue HA is derived from fermented deep sea algae. Next, the HA is refined using a rigorous 10 step microfiltration process. The micro size allows for quicker and more complete absorption and exceptional hydration. ~Squalane and Ceramide to deliver and lock in moisture + protect the skin barrier•Description•Water Bank Blue Hyaluronic Cream Moisturizer from Laneige has some powerful claims behind it — long lasting hydration [up to 100 hours], protection/strengthening for the skin barrier, as well as immediate and visible firmness. It is packaged beautifully in a cleanly designed  pastel blue cube that, when opened, reveals a generous amount of moisturizing cream in the tub within. (The cream also came packaged with a cute pink stick-type spatula, so you don’t have to dip your fingers into the product!) The cream is white and of a medium density. It is smooth and slightly cool to the touch. It has a light floral fragrance.•Results and Verdict• Upon application, I smooth a dime sized amount from the middle of my face, outward, and lightly pat into my skin. The cream absorbs quickly and a beautiful dewy finish remains, even after the product dries down. I am impressed with how comfortable this cream is to wear. My skin feels very hydrated but not at all heavy or greasy. The product layers beautifully with my sunscreen and makeup products. My skin type is dry/resilient and really drinks in moisture in the winter season. I felt my skin was happy and hydrated throughout the day and into the night. Additionally, my skin feels so soft and supple. I have not experienced any irritation or breakouts. Although I did not test for the up to 100 hour hydration claim, I can confidently confirm that I can confidently confirm that this moisturizer is amazing for my skin. Water Bank Blue Hyaluronic Cream Moisturizer