It’s been two weeks since I started using this cream. I bought it because I was getting weird dry red patches around forehead and neck and no cream I had was helping. (I don’t know if it was an allergic reaction or using too many products) I was running out of my Skinceuticals triple lipid restore cream, which is supposed to help skin barrier but was doing nothing for my dry patches, so I thought why not try Augustinus Bader? The La Mer cream I have also didn’t help at all with the dry patches and just made my skin oilier than it already is. Well, the first day using it my impressions were that it felt nice going on. No irritation. I woke up and thought maybe the redness went down a little but I also thought my skin felt tight. Not what I’ve been used to with the products I use. The second day, redness and dry patches definitely better but still felt a little tight. Fine lines around eyes seem more obvious, not moisturized. Third day, yes redness and dry patches much better. Skin still a little tight but not as bad. Fine lines not as bad as day before. Fourth day, whoa! Everything looks better and clearer. I’m not as oily. Face isn’t tight. Fine lines improving. The dry patches better. Redness gone. Overall, just clearer. Fifth day, wow! Everything looks and feels better. Sixth day, still getting better. Seventh day, incredible! It’s like there’s a bit of a smoothing filter on my face. Clear and not oily. Like I have powder on. Skin just feels balanced. Each day after, it’s gotten a little better. All I use after cleansing my skin is this cream and spf in morning. I may try adding retinol into routine again after another week or two. My opinion if you are trying this cream, give it at least one week of use and don’t use any other products. I think this cream is best for oily or combo skin. If you don’t get oily, try the rich cream version. I hate how much it costs but if my skin continues to look as good as it does now I will find a way to keep buying it! Hate the price, love the product!