My combo rosacea-prone skin has fallen in love with the Augustinus Bader Ultimate Soothing Cream. My skin can be sensitive/finicky, and at times, I get eczema flareups. I also struggle with hormonal acne here & there (but maskne has been the main culprit the last couple yrs). The calming power of this cream is unlike any skincare product I’ve ever used. It squashed almost every issue I was having in a short amount of time.I didn’t realize how badly my skin needed a rest from a lactic acid treatment in my routine until I first applied the cream. Its consistency is very thick, and I was concerned it might be too heavy. I am thrilled that the soothing cream has been the perfect fit, as it absorbs exceptionally well & isn’t greasy!As my skin was dehydrated, and practically DRANK the moisture in, I thought a 2nd application might be needed in a few hrs. Instead, my skin stayed calmed, hydrated, and balanced.I scaled down my skincare routine majorly to see what the soothing cream was capable of. I kept my double cleanse, a lil lactic acid when maskne arose, and brightening eye cream here & there. It’s a bit mind blowing how relaxed and supple my skin feels and looks when using the soothing cream day & night. My pores seem smaller, my skin barrier is MUCH stronger, and my redness is noticeably diminished.AB products are vegan, eco-conscious, and sustainable; and the glass packaging has an effortlessly luxurious yet understated feel. Almost as if they know the science and brains behind their patented TFC8® technology speaks for itself. (As do the results.)The AB website mentions the soothing cream can be used in addition to other AB products. I’ve also tried AB’s Cleansing Gel & The Cream, and loved how supple & radiant they made my skin! Both would pair well with the soothing cream. If pairing, I’d likely mostly use the soothing cream at night, on flareups, and in cooler months. The R.O.I. for AB skincare, and in particular the soothing cream, is high. Potent Transformative Skincare