I have never received this as a gift, I purchase it every 2-3 months and have been for 5 years because it’s AMAZING. It’s much more lightweight than Dior’s Super Potent rich cream which was too much for my face. I’m 41 and my face is pretty normal, slightly sensitive and used to have occasional breakouts or random pimples, (chin or nose), until I changed my approach to my skincare routine after going back to France to visit friends and family. I am not a fan because Dior is a French company of anything but after having lunch with my aunt and cousin I decided I would try their advice for a little while. It basically came down to this. I’ve had my normal,slightly sensitive skin all my life. I get a little oily in my t-zone but have always struggled to keep a clear complexion. I could often achieve a very nice complexion but with 2 or 3 good sized zits in varying stages on my face. Other times I would break out a bunch. I went to a dermatologist in my teens and twenties got into a Dermologica regimens that helped some but once I passed 30 and started getting more delicate skin with fine lines, skincare got tricky. My aunt told me that I should try and make sure I cleanse my skin thoroughly and have a good moisturizer with anti-aging properties. The problem with that is that I was using gentle cleansers and light moisturizers. We went shopping and I picked up some Shiseido Clarifying Foaming Face Wash, (really cleans but gentle) and my aunt suggested a Dior cream because they have an excellent reputation and to ask the skincare rep for a recommendation. She recommended an age delay system at the time. I was nervous when I first touched the cream because I thought it was way too rich but thought I’d give it a try. I loved it. A few years later, as my wrinkles became more noticeable, I was recommended this. Haven’t looked back. Since starting this kind of regimen I have had a half dozen pimples in a decade. My skin is nourished and happy. Perfect Nourished Skin with Reduction of Wrinkles