About me: I am a very fair-skinned 31 year old who has the joy of sensitive, acne-prone skin and nasolabial folds/forehead wrinkles from laughing all the time. I live between the Pacific Northwest in the US and the tropics of Latin America. So not only am I traveling a lot, but I’m also contending with mega UV exposure, full sun, humidity, year-round, during sweaty activities like hiking, running, and surfing. Sunscreen tends to clog my pores and build up, cause rashes, give me deep underground zits that sit in my skin for 1-2 months (which are not common for me), build up in my wrinkles and cause zits there, make my hair horribly greasy, not actually protect me in wind/water, or not playing nicely under/over makeup during casual wear. For a while I just gave up trying to look attractive while also wearing sunscreen which kinda sucks cause it’s a daily necessity. That was until Matte Screen.About why I love this sunscreen: Because I have so many skin concerns that are aggravated by chemical sunscreens, the mineral formula of this is necessary. I even find that my skin is clearer after using it. It’s not a wet-greasy formula as much as it’s a whipped smooth texture (kind of like silicon primer). The coverage mattifies and smoothes the skin while not looking like you’re wearing foundation and caking up with sweat/water. I find that if I apply it every 2 hours when I’m just out and about and every hour if I’m in the sun doing activities (surfing/hiking/swimming) I don’t get burnt, or even get color (which is ideal for me). It lasts for 1-2 months w/ regular useOther sunscreens I have tried and rejected:—Neutrogena Clear Face Liquid Lotion Sunscreen for Acne-Prone Skin, Broad Spectrum SPF 55—Shiseido Urban Environment Oil-Free Sunscreen Spf 42—Murad Acne Control Oil and Pore Control Mattifier Broad Spectrum SPF 45 PA++++—Coola Classic Face Sunscreen SPF 50 White Tea—Alba Botanica Facial Sunscreen Lotion, SPF 45—Supergoop Unseen Sunscreen SPF 40 PA+++ Miraclescreen for acne-prone babe in Caribbean