I have naturally large pores that tend to get bumpy with sebaceous filaments, so that is what this review is focused on, not blackheads or whiteheads. I noticed that after I removed the strip, there was a noticeable blurring of my normally VERY visible pores, and this effect lasted all day. By evening my pores looked their usual (genetic) size, but visibly clean. When I run my finger along the top of my nose, I no longer feel rough bumps, even a day later. I would recommend this product to anyone with sebaceous filaments who wants a temporary pore minimizing effect or rapid smoothing. I’m not sure how this would compare to drugstore versions, but obviously it does have added beneficial ingredients that those products do not have.Downsides to this product: There are only four nose strips per package, and since I didn’t need the rectangular strips, this was very expensive per unit. Like many other customers, I wish they would sell these two varieties separately. The nose strip must be placed carefully to avoid tugging at the under eye area, and removed slowly and carefully to not irritate the skin. Since it does pull at the skin when you remove it, I am not sure whether it would be safe to use daily to achieve the pore blurring effect, and at any rate it is too expensive for me to use daily. Using a retinol serum or exfoliating acids could probably smooth and minimize pores just as effectively and you would get more uses out of that kind of product.  Note that this product does not PULL blackheads or filaments out like a traditional pore strip, so do not expect this. Don’t get the strip wet! I sprayed it with a mist last night unthinkingly and this made it hard to remove and irritated my skin.Overall I am not sure whether this is a product I would want to incorporate into my routine, because while I love the way it produces results immediately, I’m not sure it’s necessary except for special occasions or other rare days when I want to rapidly unclog my pores. Effective and fun, but not an essential