I was so excited to try the new IT Cosmetics Confidence in a Cream and was not disappointed! I applied morning and night, smoothing it onto my skin in an upward motion and it absorbed quickly and left my skin silky smooth. So far I have used it for a few weeks and was surprised to start seeing results in as little as two weeks in that my skin is smoother, my fine lines have diminished and my skin is plumper, my skins texture and tone have also improved too to my surprise! Overall my skin does also look and feel healthier too which I love and why I recommend this cream so highly and for its effectiveness as well of course! It’s very moisturizing I need to point out so it’ll keep your face moisturized all day and night and isn’t greasy at all with a great formula that feels great to the touch too! It really does have amazing ingredients and does work great and fast to combat the signs of aging as I was so pleasantly surprised by the fast results myself. Just some examples of some of the amazing ingredients I found in this product and what they do are squalane 3% to hydrate and reinforce the moisture barrier, peptide lipid complex 2.5% to visibly improve firmness, tightness and hydration while smoothing the look of fine lines, and niacinamide 4% which evens skin tone and reduces fine lines and wrinkles and hyaluronic acid to for added hydration and to plump skin. I can feel and see these ingredients at work and in play on my skin for sure! Another thing I noticed are my sun spots have faded too with use of this cream as my skin tone has improved and my skin looks clearer too. I need to point out that one of the many benefits of this moisturizer and it’s anti aging benefits has been the firmness it has given my skin.  My skin feels more supple and firm where before it had been feeling as it was starting to sag a bit but now I feel it’s a lot firmer. Overall I’m super happy and impressed with this moisturizer and highly recommended it without a doubt!! Perfect multi benefit moisturizer