I was gifted this product in exchange for my honest feedback, all opinions are my very own! “IT Cosmetics“•Confidence In A Cream•IT Cosmetics is a Leading Beauty Brand started in 2008 that is best known for its Full Coverage Foundations, but the company also sells skincare products. And I must admit they have some amazing skincare products that are developed with plastic surgeons and dermatologists. For instance, they’re now Super Charged Confidence In A Cream Transforming Moisturizing Super Cream. Which delivers 7 anti-aging skincare benefits in one step. With Anti-Aging Armour Rejuvenating Concentrate, This Hydrating Moisturizer is packed with skin-loving ingredients to help visibly reduce fine lines, minimize pores, smooth, plump, and brighten your skin. This moisturizer is great for all skin types, and it absorbs quickly to help strengthen your skin’s natural barrier - the key to healthy, beautiful skin at any age. That’s why Confidence In A Cream is one of my all-time favorites. This formula is made with a powerful blend of hyaluronic acid, ceramides, peptides, squalane, and antioxidant vitamins, that help function and reinforce the skin barrier and restore the look of a more healthy, fresh, and youthful glow instantly. •My thoughts:I’ve incorporated this moisturizer into my daily and nightly skincare routine and I like to use it as my new last step. And I must say that IT Cosmetics Confidence In A Cream is now my new anti-aging BFF that has shown my pre-aging combination skin the true affection and love it totally deserved. When applying using upward sweeping motions smooth gently onto the face, neck, decollete, and anywhere else your skin may need moisture and rejuvenation.  Thankfully it only takes a pea size amount to cover my entire face and neck. I also really enjoy the scent of this moisturizer. I will continue using this product in my daily routine. Yes, I highly recommend this product cause you can’t go wrong with any of IT Cosmetics! You Can't go wrong with IT Cosmetics!