I received this product to try from Buzzagent. I’ll start by saying I love most IT products but I was a bit disappointed, although not surprised, with this moisturizer. I had oily skin when younger but now that I’m post menopause it’s normal, with occasional dry patches during winter. When I first tried this product, it made my skin feel sticky and gross, which is what most products made for mature skin do to me. I live in Florida and it is very humid here, especially this year, so it feels like you just got out of a sauna the majority of the day. I am always asked to try this type of product in the middle of summer, never when I need it in winter, so I always leave unflattering reviews. I usually use serums to get my antiaging ingredients and a light moisturizer (was using Ahava Dead Sea Osmoter Concentrate Supreme Hydration Cream Blue Light Defender prior to this and it worked perfectly.) I was told to use this for 14 days but stopped on day 12 as it made my skin feel so unnatural that I’d gotten to the point where I was using an amount that was the size of a pencil lead, which was hard to spread. I got a few pimples while using this product as a result of the extreme moisture, although they were much smaller than what I normally get when using this type product during summer. Now for the positives: even using only a tiny amount, I noticed a difference in the elasticity of my skin quickly (by day 9/10), and the tiny amount of jowls that was forming on my jawline disappeared. I normally use an ultrasonic device for better product absorption but didn’t while using this because I wanted to see how it worked without the help of a device. My plan was to use the product alone for 2 weeks, then another with the device. I do plan on doing this as soon as the weather changes and at that time I will revise this review. My final summary is to give this product a 3 even though it worked as I couldn’t stand the way it made my skin feel and it did cause a few minor blemishes. Works well but can't use in the hot humid summer