Let’s talk about this eye cream a little bit. It’s fine. It’s not BAD for my skin, which is why I gave it 3 stars, but it’s also not particularly amazing, either. I’ve been using it for a week and a half in place of my usual eye cream and I’ve seen no remarkable difference to justify the cost of this.Does it provide under eye hydration? Yes.Does it smell nice without a fragrance that’s overpowering? Yes.Is it groundbreaking? No.Is it worth the high price point? In my opinion - no.Looking at the ingredient list, the primary ingredients in this product which do much of anything are water (hydration), glycerin (humectant), shea butter (moisture), beeswax, titanium dioxide, various dyes, corn oil (moisture), mica (shimmer), various forms of tocopheryl (vitamin e), and linseed extract (moisture, vitamin b). With the exception of the shimmer (which is a bit silly in skincare), the others are perfectly reasonable ingredients to see in a moisturizer or cream. But where is that fancy rose extract?Whenever you read an ingredient list, remember that ingredients are listed in order of highest contraction to lowest. All the ingredients I listed are higher up - prior to phenoxyethanol. Phenoxyethanol is approved for use in cosmetics in concentrations of up to 1%. This means anything past it is either 1% or less of the product. Rose extracts in this product do not appear until the 17th ingredient AFTER phenoxyethanol.What does that mean? It means there is very little of those expensive rose extracts in this product. You are primarily paying for water, glycerin, shea butter, beeswax, corn oil, vitamin e, and shimmer. It’s going to be a decent and effective moisturizer, but is it worth the extreme high price tag?Ultimately, you can decide how to spend your money. If you want to feel bougie and like you’re splurging, hey - more power to you. But don’t fall for the shiny claims of the special “signature ingredient“ when there’s less than 1% of it even in the product. It's fine, but you don't get what you pay for.