I really like Lancome Absolue Soft Cream Revitalizing & Brightening Moisturizer.  The cream is packaged  beautifully and I love the golden color choice of the packaging.  I really like the texture of the cream, it’s soft and creamy and feels luxurious smoothing on my face.  The slight not overpowering scent is very pleasant as well.  I have been using Absolue Soft Cream Revitalizing & Brightening Moisturizer for a little over 2 weeks now and I am very pleased with the results I see on my face.  I have not typically seen results from other creams I have tried in the past so quickly.  So from this stand point I will say that I feel like Absolue Soft Cream Revitalizing & Brightening Moisturizer is a top notch product.  I feel like I am receiving multiply benefits from using Absolue Soft Cream Revitalizing & Brightening Moisturizer.  My skin is softer and feel hydrated and doesn’t appear tired looking like before.  I have never been able to shake that tired dull look using other facial creams in the past.  I feel like my facial skin is clearer which must come from the brighteners in the cream.  I received this product to test and review which I am happy to do so.  I will continue to purchase Absolue Soft Cream Revitalizing & Brightening Moisturizer after I use the jar I was given.  I really think that this is the facial product for me from now on.  I feel like anyone that tries Absolue Soft Cream Revitalizing & Brightening Moisturizer will feel the same as I do after using it for a couple of weeks.  It really has made a huge difference in how my facial skin looks and feels.  I am proud to give Absolue Soft Cream Revitalizing & Brightening Moisturizer a glowing review as the product only deserves this.  I would highly recommend this product to everyone.  But mostly to anyone that feels as if the facial skin has dullness and just needs a boost.  I feel like anyone that tries Absolue Soft Cream Revitalizing & Brightening Moisturizer by Lancome will be pleased Love love Lancome