To get started, let me tell you something about my skin so you know what to compare it to. I’m 41 years young with light olive skin. After my adolescent years and acne was over, it’s been pretty balanced, not too oily, not too dry. I haven’t treated my skin well over the years. I’ve had lots and lots of sun exposure. Mostly tanning but a few good scorching burns too. Now that I’m in my 40s I’ve taken an interest in skin care (a little late, I know) I’ve started to see the effects of aging. Ever so slight discolorations... sunspots? Age spots? They’re small, like freckles (I’ve never had any freckles), they’re light in coloring, but they definitely detract from the smooth skin tone that I’ve been lucky to have. I was really very excited to be chosen as a product tester for Lancome’s Renergie H.C.F Triple Serum!  They incentivized this review by offering a complimentary product. Not only was I excited to try it out but would I love to go back to my youthful perfectly even skin tones, I also don’t really have very obvious hyperpigmentation, and very few wrinkles, so I had high hopes for this product to give me just a tiny tweak that I needed. At $100+ a bottle, it’s got to do SOMETHING right? Even if the effect is light.... So I used it consistently, morning and evening, meanwhile I stopped using any other skin cream and/or moisturizer during this time so as to not confuse it’s effect. I’ve waited approximately 1 month before preparing this review and I’m just disappointed to say that my skin looks exactly the same as when I started. That being said, the serum itself is really wonderful. The package is very nice, looks great on my makeup station, the dual pump is clever. The serum goes on smoothly, evenly and FEELS luxurious. My skin sucked it right up and I didn’t have any adverse reactions, side effects, clogged pores, etc. The serum was SO GOOD that I was pretty excited that I would see visible results, even though over the short time I used it, nothing exceptional Soothing serum lots to love but lacking results