I have tried a couple of IT Cosmetics products in the past and continued to use one for over a year now with good results and no issue. When I saw this new and improved Confidence in a Cream Anti-Aging Hydrating Moisturizer, I thought it would be nice to give it a chance as I have been on the search for an anti-aging cream. My very sensitive skin is usually irritated by products with fragrance in them, but sometimes I can get by with something that is barely scented. However, the second I opened up the jar, I questioned if this truly was for sensitive skin and would work for me. I found it interesting that this was potently fragranced but marketed as good for sensitive skin.I started with a patch test on my neck, and my skin almost immediately started to burn (not dissimilar to a moderate sunburn). It didn’t get red, rashy, or itchy though, so I gave it a chance for a day on my face thinking it could just be due to some of the active ingredients and would fade over prolonged usage. Unfortunately, my face burned, too, and also became itchy within hours, neither of which went away until about twelve hours after washed it off my face at the end of the day. Because I only applied it twice (once at night and again in the morning), I didn’t develop any eczema, but given previous reactions, if I had used this for another day or two, I would have expected to get a nasty rash on and around my eyes.Despite all of the above, if you do not have sensitive skin, you may want to test this out. It absorbed quickly and nicely into my skin without leaving it greasy. My dry areas wanted a little bit more moisture, but my sometimes oily-by-the-end-of-the-day areas liked the amount of moisture (at least before my fragrance-induced oil-producing reaction started). I can’t really speak to any of the long term benefits because of personal experience, but based on the claims and ingredients alone, this could be a great anti-aging cream for anyone of any age without sensitive skin. Not Suitable For Sensitive Skin