This might be a hot take, but I actually really like that C-Firma is now packaged so that the user can mix the product when it arrives. While the mixing process can be tedious and user-error prone, it allows the consumer to use the product at its maximum potency, meaning that we’re getting the most for our money. In the past, the C-Firma I would receive would already be a slight orange colour (meaning it had already started oxidizing and is losing potency). Now, immediately after mixing, it is clear (which is how it should be). I personally had a really positive experience mixing the serum, so thought I could share my process:1)	Plan to mix the serum at least a day before you intend to use it. I mixed it 3 days in advance.2)	Tap the container with the powder on a hard flat surface so that the powder settles at the bottom of the container. This helps to prevent powder from making its way onto the threaded part where the container joins with the dispensing head when opening to add the liquid.3)	When you open the container with the powder, do so very carefully4)	Slowly pour the liquid into the container with the powder5)	Close the container tightly before shaking – you want to make sure that it is totally and fully sealed, or you’ll end up with a leaky mess! 6)	Shake heaps. Heaps and heaps. If there is powder still at the bottom, don’t fret. You can either continue to shake, or you can leave it be for some time. That powder should dissolve on its own over time. The shaking is really only speeding up the dissolution process.7)	Occasionally shake until powder is fully dissolved8)	Let the contents settle in the fridge. Once “foam” disappears, just give it a good shake before using. Another note: this serum smells like hotdog water – this is the ferulic acid. Any good vitamin C serum is likely to have a funky smell. I have a strong sense of smell, and I find the smell dissipates after no more than an hour following application. If you can stand it, it’s worth it! Worth the hassle