I am absolutely OBSESSED w this product. This is the first review I’ve ever written for Sephora and it’s specifically because this product is so fantastic. I’m one of those people who doesn’t care so much about washing off my make up before bed (yes I know, that’s terrible, but it’s the truth!). I used to use oil free eye make up remover to remove all my make up (like Clinique or nars). Then cleansing balms became the new trend, but I was still skeptical because I have extremely oily skin (I’ve been on accutane 3x). I had the Clinique cleansing balm, but it took me years to use up because it had this weird fake synthetic smell I couldn’t stand. It also broke me out. I had gotten a sample of the very popular Farmacy green cleansing balm and while good, I wasn’t sold. However since this balm features papaya and papaya is in my FAV oil free cleanser, I decided to give this a shot. And OMG I’m beyond glad I did. It smells like a real fruit version of a skittle in papaya. I’ve tried several glow recipe products since, but this was certainly my “gateway drug” into glow recipe. In order to use a cleansing balm, I need to be motivated to do so.  This MOTIVATES ME to wash off my make up because I love it so much. I look forward to using it. One time very late I used it and forgot to do a double cleanse afterwards and accidentally fell asleep after only rinsing this product (but not using an oil free cleanser after). I was so worried it would break me out since cleansing balms are so rich and the Clinique one used to break me out all the time, but to my surprise, I was JUST FINE! If you’re like me and you have trouble remembering to care to wash off your make up, this cleansing balm is 100% for you. If that weren’t enough, I have extremely sensitive eyes and this balm is Optomologist tested and dermatologist tested. And BOY was it put to the test when I used the jacyln hill eyeshadow palette. The pinks and purples in it stained my eyes! But this got it off!! Evil carmine If ya need motivation to wash make up, this is it!