I used points to get a mini of this. It layered really nicely under/ over other serums, moisturizers and makeup - I never had an issue with pilling. It didn’t smell bad and it didn’t feel sticky or uncomfortable on my skin. The tiny mini bottle lasted a super long time I was very surprised so I think this would be excellent value compared to other vitamin C products I’ve used that are more volatile. I didn’t use this consistently or long enough to notice benefits from the vitamin C and here’s why... I have rosacea and cannot use acid exfoliators on my skin- this product has GLYCOLIC ACID which is not the kindest on sensitive skin types. I tolerate vitamin C very well and have used the strongest forms from Skin Ceuticals so was confused at why my skin was getting red, hot and tingly with this product. I know it’s become trendy for skincare products to include chemical exfoliants and they probably assume most people have hopped on the SPF bandwagon, so they don’t disclose this, but I really think they need to put it on the front of the bottle, so you know what you’re putting on your skin. Beware if you already use any form of exfoliation in your skincare routine, if you’re not one to use/ reapply high factor SPF throughout the day or if you have sensitive skin. I don’t think you should have to check if your vitamin C serum is actually a chemical exfoliant in disguise- I glanced at the ingredients briefly to check for nasty ’non clean’ ingredients and fragrances etc beforehand and should have looked up each ingredient separately. It’s ironic because people say Vitamin C is supposed to protect your skin from the oxidative stress caused by the sun and environmental pollutants, fading dark spots etc- and yet they added an acid that makes your skin way more susceptible and vulnerable to all the above. I’m sure this is made to help a lot of people’s skin look good in the short term (acid) and long term (vit C) but they should market and disclose the acids in the formula. CONTAINS GLYCOLIC ACID