I bought this toner because I’ve been using trentinoin on my face for about a year now as a treatment for my acne and although it’s helped my skin a lot, I still have congested pores around my nose and chin and sometimes flaky skin around acne flareups once they’re healing so I was looking for something to help with these two issues specifically. I’ve tried other chemical peels/toners similar to this one before, but they were all way too harsh, especially once I started introducing trentinoin to my skincare routine.  I’ve been using this for about 3 weeks now almost daily (I usually choose one day a week where I only use moisturizer to give my skin a break from somewhat harsh ingredients), I use my trentinoin at night and then this toner after I wash my face in the morning. If you also plan on using it this way, I would personally recommend using trentinoin over your moisturizer to avoid overly sensitive skin/burning, although I’m not a professional. The first time I used this toner my skin was red for about 15 minutes after application but it didn’t hurt or itch so I wasn’t too concerned. The second and third time I used it, my skin was a little red after but not as bad and not as long, and then after that my skin got used to it and doesn’t get red after use anymore - I think I just needed to build some tolerance to it.What I love about this product is that it’s not too harsh, it gives my skin such an added glow that my moisturizer alone didn’t give me, even though I’m very generous with my moisturizer application, and it gets rid of flakiness which makes my makeup look so much better and last longer! I also noticed it helped heal up some blemishes I had faster than just using trentinoin did. I’ve also noticed the pores on my nose and chin are starting to look cleaner, but I think this will take some more time to see a true difference. Some other bonuses are that the bottle and dispenser are really nice and the colour is so pretty once shaken! Smells nice too! The perfect toner!