I really love this and keep a tiny travel bottle in my purse and the large bottle in my bathroom. I use very little (I’ve been using for 6+ months and still have about half the product), and find that if I stop using it my combo skin starts to look dull and shows dry patches. I will typically use 2-3 drops for my face and apply by patting it on my skin with my fingers (it works much better than trying to spread it around, because my skin soaks it up and it will otherwise be too much moisture for daytime). It makes my late 30s skin feel like a baby’s cheek, plumps my skin, feels like it really ‘seals’ my skin barrier while feeling totally weightless in a good way, and seems to speed healing of any breakouts. It has a light rose scent that doesn’t last, and smells like the natural smell of the rose ingredient and not an added fragrance. For daytime I will tap 2-3 drops into my face over a serum or sometimes a light moisturizer (though I don’t typically use a moisturizer under this during the day) before applying a sunscreen and/or tinted moisturizer with SPF. At night I will apply it over a heavier moisturizer or something like retinol serum. One of the reasons I carry the tiny bottle with me is that it’s a fantastic multitasker, I will tap it on a dry patch of skin or put a drop or two on the ends of my hair if they’re feeling dry (I’ve even used it as a heat protectant for blow drying my hair during travel). It makes my 70+ mom’s skin plump and glowy. My boyfriend has eczema and this transforms his skin and makes it glow (if only I could get him to adhere to a daily routine). I was camping with friends in high desert mountains and everyone was getting a bit dry, so I whipped out my travel bottle and everyone (Caucasian, Black, and Hispanic friends all with different skin types) tried a few drops and was blown away by how it immediately moisturized their skin and made it glow. This is such a simple, amazing staple to keep on hand. Love. magical plumping glowy multitasker