I received this product in exchange for my honest review. My opinion is my own and based on my experience using this product once nightly for about a week. Pros: great ingredients, great packaging, super hydrating Cons: overpriced, off-putting scent (which does fade after you apply), thick/heavy/greasyI’ve been a fan of Biossance 100% Squalane since pre-launch (I was a product tester). I’ve been purchasing and using that oil since it was available. I haven’t been a fan of their other products, mostly because they contain fragrances or other ingredients which can be very irritating to sensitive skin. I was so happy to see a fragrance free option geared toward dry and sensitive skin. My first thought when I opened the box was how small the container was for this price-especially since it’s a glass container. My next concern was the weird and unpleasant smell of the cream. It smells like an ingredient has gone bad. I did some research to see if this was a common concern and it definitely is. I think clean beauty has gone a bit too far with fear mongering about the dangers of parabens. I encourage you to do your own research. This really smells like the olive oil has gone bad. Shea butter is not the best smelling either but I’ve used lots of fragrance free products and never experienced this type of scent. For a company that started so scientifically and that is priced as is, I expected better. The texture is heavy and while it did absorb somewhat…it left an overly heavy/greasy layer on my skin. It felt really similar to using a product with dimethicone (which it doesn’t contain). This is far too heavy for day use in my opinion, especially in the warmer months. I patched tested several times on my arm, leg, and hands before trying this on my face;  the odor and heaviness made me concerned about a reaction. I didn’t experience any irritation but I didn’t like the feel on my face. I really prefer a cream that fully absorbs. Try a sample first! Ultra Hydrating, Ultra Weird Smell