This is a good product and I love the barrier line, but I don’t know if I would necessarily repurchase the eye cream. High prices for eye creams isn’t exclusive to Skinfix, but that combined with the hesitation I feel about potential improvements, and the small quantity of product… I don’t quite know how to feel. I guess I need to do more research into the importance of eye cream for preventing wrinkles as opposed to their barrier moisturizer, which I apply to my whole face. As noted by other reviewers, it’s also thinner, doesn’t absorb into the skin as easily as their moisturizers. The ingredients are great, and there is no silicone in it, but I almost want to use silicone as a descriptor. It’s not waxy, it’s not greasy, but it glides over your eye area and doesn’t set quite as well. On a positive note, if you do want to invest in an eye cream, this hasn’t caused milia and it’s a very safe, well-formulated cream for your under eye area. I would use it for very sensitive days or eyelid dermatitis. After regular long-term use, it probably does help reduce fine lines and wrinkles closer to your eye than a moisturizer should reach. But in terms of it being very brightening, reducing puffiness or having an obvious impact on days it’s applied vs. days it’s not, I don’t think it’s that noticeable. To be fair, I haven’t found a very exceptional eye cream that does. Right I am kind of leaning towards not repurchasing this product and using the money that I save towards future purchases of the Skinfix barrier moisturizer, which is exceptional on both an immediate and long-term basis. This is a nice option but on limited income, I don’t think the results necessarily justify the price. I would, however recommend it as a better option for eyelid dermatitis or other conditions that need very safe, non-irritating ingredients applied closely to the eye region. But for every day concerns, again, I think it’s expensive and I would feel reluctant to repurchase it. Torn between price and overall effectiveness