How do I begin to express my love for a company I’ve gotten to know well by being a Beauty Expert for Beautytap for two years? I’ve tried their amazing Plump +Juicy Lip Booster Buttery Treatment. The Kosas Plump + Juicy Vegan Collagen Spray on Serum is the perfect product to use with the Kosas lip plumper! Kosas Plump + Juicy Vegan Collagen Spray On Serum is such a unique way to get in your daily dose of juicy serum goodness. You get an instant rush of hydration to your skin within seconds! I love it so much that I spray it onto my face until my face drips serum. I can’t stop using this spray on serum on my face. I just can’t get enough. I have it on my vanity right next to my bed so I can use it before I sleep. This serum is a total reset for your skin. The packaging alone is so beautiful and colorful like a yummy bubble gum, orange mixed sherbet. It has a lovely light botanical garden scent. Kosas Serum has a light cloud like mist to water serum texture. It absorbs so nicely into your skin, it’s like a second skin. This spray serum is specially formulated with vegan collagen that will make your skin firmer, oh so soft and smooth. Amino Acids and proteins help strengthen your skin. Peptides help to lift your skin up and make it plumper and fuller. Plant probiotics help balance your skin’s Microbiome. Artemisia Flower Extract helps to soothe your skin, reduces inflammation and protects from blue light exposure. Hyaluronic Acid helps add a lovely boost of hydration. Kosas Plump +Juicy Spray On Serum is formulated with the best water in the industry which is triple filtrated. I have sprayed it on my bad scrap and swollen ankle to give those wounds extra love and hydration. That hydration definitely helped in the healing process for sure! Applying three sprays about 8-10 inches away from your face works perfectly. Use within the magic minute right after washing your face, while your pores are still open and your skin is receptive to soak in this hardworking powerful se Kosas Plump and Juicy Serum has my heart!