This is literally the only product besides tretinoin that has faded my pih. I was on rx hydroquinone and every vitamin c serum I could find including skinceuticals and everything in between, and nothing worked! Hydroquinone works with time but it also dries & irritates, so while your on it you don’t see much happening. *Topicals faded* erraticated a bunch of bad breakouts due to trying new products & 8 red/purple spots in about 4 days. People definitely over exaggerate the scent. It has the scent of sulfur like 4 days after a perm. It’s faint and goes away after a minute & leaves a scent that is amazing! So amazing I was smelling everywhere trying to figure out what it was lol. I’m so glad I didn’t pass on it based on bad reviews. The closest thing I can compare the scent to is head and shoulders dandruff shampoo and if your constantly using sulfur products like me… It won’t phase you. I love that it applies seamlessly and I can use it over my vitamin c and under my serums without pilling AND it doesn’t burn. This stuff is chok full of amazing ingredients. The only thing comparable is peace out skin dark spot serum but that’s not the best choice for trentinoin users with sensitized skin. If you give this a chance and let the scent subside you will definitely see good results. I have acne prone, sensitive, sensitized Tretinoin, combination skin prone to hyperpigmentation and hormonal acne monthly. I’m 35 years old, & this worked wonders for me. I will never ever not have this in my collection, it’s my new holy grail treatment. I can use it for breakouts, it makes my pores look smaller & keeps them clear. I’ve noticed my skin is more firm and the texture is so smooth. I honestly wouldn’t change anything about this serum. You only need a tiny amount because it’s a perfect consistency and spreadable texture so the price is great, especially for the ingredients you get. This is a do all serum. Between this and like butter I don’t need much else. My TRUE holy grail skincare product.