Okay, so trust me, I really really REALLY wanted to wait awhile before writing a review about this product but seeing results overnight IS UNBELIEVABLE! To be honest, I’m still not too sure what caused my (already) extremely sensitive skin to be even more dry, cracked, itchy, rough, and sometimes painful since earlier this year (around June). My esthetician told me it could be contact dermatitis, although it could also be from a bad facial recently, or developing allergic reactions to some skincare products I’ve been using for a year or so now, so it was really time for a change. My skin was so bad (dry and rough) to the point that I would wear foundation only around my eyes and I stopped wearing foundation and blush for awhile because it only enhanced the dryness and rough texture of my cheeks. I was seriously dishearted for some time. I almost gave up since it seemed as though my face was not improving regardless of all my gentle exfoliation and moisturizing (and other skin care routine steps), but I’m so glad I tried this brand and its hydrating products!Long story short -- the skin condition on my face that I’ve had for months has been healed literally overnight! Even after almost an hour of application, I started to feel the difference on my face -- it became smoother, softer, plump, and bouncy. I went to bed last night like this and woke up the next morning to baby soft skin! I swear! I couldn’t believe the results overnight, but I’m really so happy and thankful I finally found something that works and truly saved my skin. I was glowing the next day and also got my confidence back! I could also see and tell the difference because immediately the following morning, I was able to apply my foundation and blush again and my face looked the healthiest its been in a long time. Absolutely in love with this brand and this product! Definite must try and I highly recommend it especially for those like me with sensitive skin. 10/10 would buy again! Healed my rough dry face of months in one night!!!