I received a free sample of this product in exchange for an honest review. I am in my late twenties, with combination skin, and suffer from random acne breakouts (mask wearing, hormones, etc.), it’s also worth noting that I reside on the east coast of Canada, as our weather plays a fair sized part in my review. I struggle to find a moisturizer that gives me the feeling of being moisturized without being greasy. Normally, in the winter months, it’s damp and cold, so I opt for a heavier moisturizer (think Belif’s “bomb” line), and when I need something a bit lighter (but equally as quenching) I reach for something along the lines of PTR’s aqua cloud line. This combination usually works wonders for my skin, but truthfully it’s a little too much in our hot and humid summers (those humectants create a slip and slide!). I’ve found a quality “summer” moisturizer in the Glow Recipe’s oil-free moisturizer, but the truth is it’s still not always enough for my dry areas (but excellent for my oily areas!) for all day wear. Now, with Clinique’s sample I was able to try every day for 7 days (not changing anything else in my skincare routine). This moisturizer is a lightweight gel, and it absorbs very, very quickly into the skin, there is no residue or shininess left behind, it’s almost a “matte” finish. Your skin feels silky smooth and looks great (opposite of the “high gloss” look of Glow’s moisturizer). This moisturizer didn’t break me out, and allowed me to layer products with ease (serums, sunscreen, etc.) and no piling, which was a great bonus. Where it fell short for me, was towards the end of the day (12hrs+) I could see some dry areas. My skin still felt silky smooth, but it didn’t have the hydration punch I was hoping for the length of time it claimed. I will be purchasing and adding it to my summer bag, as it is a quality moisturizer, but I have realistic expectations for the length of wear with the product now. If your skin is like mine, you should definitely try this! Lightweight moisturizer!