I truly love this product! It’s light and not greasy and  hydrating. My skin feels soft when I wake up. The packaging of this product is perfect. It pumps out exactly the amount you need every time. One bottle for me lasted almost two years which did make me feel better about the price. I bought this for the first time I think sometime in September of 2020 and I just ran out of it now. Once it stoped dispensing the product,  I did force it open because I wanted to see if there was any more left I could get to. I was shocked to find that the contraption inside was very thoughtful and well thought out for the consumer to make sure that almost every drop was dispensed and hardly waisted! Again I found this extremely thoughtful from the company who definitely put a lot of thought behind the design of not only the product, but also the packaging for the consumer. For the price I paid there was barely any wasted product. I like that it’s easy to travel with since it twists to dispense. The smell is very calming and I find I look forward to putting it on to smell the wonderful aroma before I go to bed. Makes me feel relaxed and less stressed ready for bed. Towards the end I started to even put the product on my hands that’s how much I liked the smell and the moisture effect it gave me. Wish they made a buddy lotion for this. Although, with the price of the face cream not sure if I could afford their body lotion if they would made it. However I do think that not everyone would like the smell but again for me loved it! The price I can also see deterring people from wanting to try it or be purchasing it again . But I will be a repeated customer since not only dose it work for me and me needs, but the product lasted a very long time, and the packaging was so extremely thoughtful that I don’t feel as if I’m wasting money when I do repurchase it. It truly does what it says, your skin the next day is so soft, supple and glowing! A small amount of this product goes a long way. Absolutely in love