Usually I don’t buy into the hype or overhype of products, but something told me to jump on the Glow [Recipe] Train, and I’m glad I did. This ’toner’ (more like an essence) is absolutely wonderful to use and is like a tall refreshment for my combo-dry skin. It’s fast absorbing and dries down to a smooth, refined, non-tacky texture without the dryness -- perfect for a makeup base! I figured when I read conflicting accounts of a watermelon-scented product vs “this doesn’t smell at all like watermelon“ that it likely smelled like *real* fresh watermelon and not the synthetic (candy) watermelon scent with which we’re all familiar... And I was right. If you’ve ever drank a fresh-squeezed watermelon juice, that’s just what it smells like. I prefer to apply this using just my fingers (it’s so soft) as a little goes a LONG way -- much further than if using cotton pads/rounds -- and I’ve not noticed any “stringy clouds“ or “floaters“ in the product, though I attribute such comments to the cactus water (neat addition.)  As for the plunger, I initially thought this was a silly complaint as the little ring-handle makes it easy-peazy to remove, but with time mine broke (even though I anticipated such and thus was gentle removing everytime). This is kind of a bummer as I must store my cosmetics away when not in use due to curious children, and thus, can’t rely on just keeping the packaging upright. It will require using my nails to remove going forward, which I’m not thrilled about.  While I’ve not noticed an improvement in my enlarged clogged pores, longterm, it provides a slight immediate refined and smooth appearance, and I will continue to use and purchase just because it’s such a treat for my skin..Now that my go-to nourishing toner has been discontinued, it’ll serve as replacement. It’s super gentle, it’s hydrating, nourishing, makes a perfect base for makeup application, and is a great addition to my AM routine when I give my skin a break from extensive PM routines. Watermelon Win!