I had seen this product all over social media, and I finally decided to buy it. It was from a reputable brand, and it was super affordable (probably one of the cheapest chemical peels out there), so I thought to myself: “why not give it a try?“For context, I have skin that’s on the drier side, especially during the winter, and my main problems are redness and the occasional tiny bumps on the bottom of my face. This product was daunting to me; it’s such a deep shade of red and I’d heard that it stings upon application. I don’t have particularly sensitive skin, but I’d also never done a chemical peel before, so I was scared that it would hurt a lot. When I actually applied the solution to my dry face with my fingertips after cleansing, it burned a little upon application but then settled into a subtle tingle. I really didn’t use a lot - just a couple drops, giving my skin a rosy pinkish tint (I didn’t want to use too much when first trying it out). I left it on for 10 minutes, like the instructions said, and then washed it off with lukewarm water.At first, I didn’t really notice a life-changing difference. My skin felt a bit more supple, and there was slightly less redness. I quickly applied moisturizer, since chemical peels can dry out your face, and when I looked in the mirror ten minutes later, I almost gasped in surprise. My skin looked radiant without being shiny, and almost all of the redness was gone. The tiny bumps along the bottom of my face and chin were also gone, and I’d been trying to get rid of those with niacinamide for ages. And all of this was only after the first time using this solution.Since I’m still new to chemical peels, I’ll stick to using this product once a week. I really think that’s all you need, anyways, since the results are so dramatic. This product will also last FOREVER, since you don’t need much. This is an amazing product for an amazing price, and I’d recommend it to everyone unless you have EXTREMELY sensitive skin. Really Makes a Difference