Despite the reviews, I decided to give this a try. I wanted to use this for a month before leaving my thoughts. Per previous reviews about the consistency; yes, it’s very much like water. It’s a clear liquid that could be easily mixed with other serums or moisturizer. I apply this after toning and before serum. My serum is the original version of Buffet (the one without copper peptides) by the same brand, also from Sephora. I’m 48, didn’t keep up with skincare during lockdown because you’re not supposed to touch your face back then, right? So I’d wash my face with a harsh antibacterial soap and skip moisturizer. The result was dry, parched skin with noticeable signs of age and strikingly, very deep “11 lines.” It took about three weeks to see a difference. I think the people whose review stated this did nothing for them might be in their 20s and 30s before signs of age are as noticeable on them as it is on me. My skin has a nicer overall texture. My lines are still here, just much smoother. It used to look like I had puffy indented bumps on my forehead due to lines. I still look 48 but my lines are far diminished as compared to before. I’ve switched out to previous serums just to make sure it’s the combination of this serum with Buffet. It’s absolutely the combination of this serum with Buffet making a nice difference. So I’m glad I tried this. Does this work like topical Botox? No, it doesn’t. But it does have me making a scrunch face less often (I’m training myself) and my skin looks and feels smoother, more plump and I think I was able to shave off the damage I did for two years not properly caring for my menopausal skin. I would absolutely repurchase this and plan to as soon as I finish this bottle. I use the dropper to dispense a full dropper into my hand and massage it into my face, paying close attention to my forehead. Then comes Buffet, half a dropper, same application. Then comes moisturizer. Anyway, as a woman fighting forehead lines, this has helped. Not a miracle but does smooth my lines