So far so good. Heard wonderful things about alpha-arbutin from professional YouTube creators. This is known to help with hyperpigmentation. This product also includes HA, which is a good form of hydration and skin moisturizing benefits. Recommend still using a moisturizer on top to seal in the HA. I have not used it long enough to notice a permanent reduction in dark spots, however I do like that my skin looks very hydrated and dewy after applying. Will repurchase. Also this product can be layered with other actives, however seek professional advice before doing so. I am doing a total revamp of my skin care products, started because I was running low, ran out, or products expired, which is great because I was using products that were not great for my skin type and had harsh ingredients and scents. Also since watching and researching skin care it is now more important to me then ever. My prior skin care products I purchased from esthetician’s, and with me not being properly educated in what my skin truly needs (especially for skin of color which is way more sensitive) I was using products I had high sensitivity too or again that were to harsh for my skin type. I also started reading the inky list (ingredients) myself. As someone who developed acne at 29 years old, I have no prior knowledge. I’m truly learning as if I am a teenager. I forgot how sensitive my skin used to be, but thinking because now I’m acne prone that my skin sensitivity just went away. I will officially have a skin analysis from a dermatologist, I do believe I am “combination leaning towards oily, acne and hormonal prone, with sensitivity. Regardless I want to treat my skin as if it were sensitive, one reason being I am highly sensitive to many popular skin care ingredients, for example Niacinamide. Never cared really for Glycolic Acid, come to find out it can be very harsh for skin of color. Needless to say this product did not cause any irritation therefore we already starting off well. good safe product for dark spots