I received one pair of the Wander Beauty Baggage Claim eye masks as a free sample (from Birchbox, maybe?), and after trying them out, I was incredibly underwhelmed by their performance and felt immense relief that I hadn’t actually spent money on the darn things. These under-eye patches are very thin and papery feeling; nothing like the thick and slippery gel patches from BeautyBio, Patchology, Wilma Schumann, PTR, or INC.redible, to name just a few of the brands I’ve tried and enjoyed over the years. The gel under-eye patches I’ve used in the past felt cooling and soothing, and always came drenched in serum. These patches feel very dry (there was very little serum on the patches themselves or in the pouch from which they came), and consequently, they didn’t provide much benefit to my under eye area that I could notice. And even though I had kept the patches in the fridge, once I put them on, they remained cool for roughly 20 seconds before the warming up to match my body temperature. Other than their metallic gold color, I really can’t think of anything I particularly liked about these eye patches, especially considering their price and the fact that there are so many better (and cheaper) under-eye masks out there. In my opinion, Wander’s under-eye patches just don’t provide enough benefit to make them worth their price, or the time it takes to use them (10-15 minutes, according to the instructions). I guess using Wander’s under eye patches is better than nothing, and they haven’t caused any damage to the delicate skin around my eyes either (hence the two star rating instead of one). But I would never purchase the “Baggage Claim” eye mask for myself or anyone else. If you’re searching specifically for gel style under-eye patches, let me assure you: these are not the droids you’re looking for. But there are tons of other brands out there that offer fantastic under-eye gel patches, and at a better price point, too! Happy hunting, y’all! The juice ain’t worth the squeeze…