I am late 20’s, and have combination skin. I’ve used SK-II since I was in my teens, and since that time, generally have not felt a need to stray from the brand. However, they discontinued my go-to Derm Brightener moisturizer a couple of years ago. Since then, I’ve experimented with a lot of different moisturizers and avoided purchasing this one because of the extremely high price point. Throughout my travels with a lot of the “trendy“ brands these days, such as Tatcha, Fresh, Biossance, Caudalie etc., I was still dissatisfied with my main moisturizer — Tatcha especially left me scratching my head with the texture and the fact that it made me constantly break out. Biossance, I will admit, has moisturizers that “feel“ nice, but don’t seem to actually improve my skin. After a year of breakouts, I caved and bought the Ultimate Revival cream. It looked like the closest SK-II product to the Derm Brightener albeit twice the price. And boy am I happy I made that choice! My skin started to get back to its glowing self within a few days. It’s chock full of ingredients like pitera/niacinamide/zinc gluconate. Despite it being “greasy“ upon first application, what I’ve noticed with the SK-II thick creams is that once your skin adapts to them after a couple of weeks, it loses that initial greasy feeling and instead sinks in and leaves it feeling soft and luxurious. I do have oily skin but this has not ever caused me to break out or become oilier. I only use this as a night cream due to its occlusive texture (the ingredients don’t seem to confirm that it is in fact an occlusive but it definitely has that texture, might be just a heavier emollient). And for the price, I’m not even halfway through the jar and it’s been four months since I purchased, so it’s turning out to be decent value. A little goes a long way for this moisturizer too. My only possibly negative note is that it does have a distinct rosy fragrance which is pleasant enough but not really my preferred fragrance. Incredible occlusive moisturizer