My daughter bought this for me and gave it to me yesterday! She actually apologize to me when I opened it and took all the little teeny tiny products out! She said mom I’m so sorry I had no idea they were this tiny! I told her do not be sorry she didn’t have to give me anything anyway this was not a Christmas present this was just a gift because she likes to do little things for me now and then. I tell her all the time she doesn’t need to do it but she does she is a wonderful daughter but I also spoil her the same way Sephora is our favorite store! I am a VIP member and so is she we order all our skin care from Sephora! I understand when you buy things like this they are supposed to be a trial size for you to see if you like them or not. But this is absolutely and I do mean absolutely literally ridiculously overpriced for the teeny tiny samples that you get And I stress that word people samples! This is something that Sephora should be giving away to people as they’re free samples when you order products! You know when you’re able to pick your two free samples to go with your order that’s what these should be! At literally almost $30.00 this is disgraceful! It’s literally not even worth shipping back! Please don’t waste your money I can think of hundreds of full size products from Sephora from great brands that you could have got for the price of these teeny super tiny little samples! You could have gotten three or four full size products from the ordinary for this! You could have gotten a full size great foundation for this price so many things I could think of! Do not waste your money on this this is literally just crap! Huda Beauty is a joke! I have tried many of her products and there is literally only two I can think of that were decent but not worth the price to repurchase! The only reason my daughter brought this tiny little set was because we wanted to see the moisturizer but there’s not enough to even give it a fair TRY! This should not cost more than $15! WASTE OF MONEY!!! DO *NOT* BUY THIS SAVE YOUR CASH