I received, free for review from BzzAgent, the Kiehl’s Retinol Fast Release Wrinkle-Reducing Night Serum and I am honestly and truly loving it. I’m a little surprised at the results.First off, I know this product is fresh because I had to mix this serum myself. It comes with a pure retinol powder capsule, packaged separately, which you insert into the bottom of the serum bottle and press to release. It looks a little confusing per package directions but I found it very simple. I suppose this also ensures that the air never gets into your serum. It’s said to contain their highest concentration of retinol to accelerate skin surface turn over,  firm skin, and rapidly reduce the appearance of wrinkles . I’ve only been using this product for a couple of weeks but I’m definitely seeing some firming of the skin and around my eyes there is an absolute improvement. My crow’s feet are less noticeable and the texture under my eyes has definitely improved. My skin looks much more youthful, and dare I say I think there’s even been an improvement in some hyperpigmentation which no product ever seems to touch for me. I can be sensitive to a lot of retinols, I get kind of alligator skin, but not with this one. It’s not irritating at all and my skin never feels dry. It actually looks and feels pretty amazing these days. Although it is a serum, it’s not super watery. It’s consistency is a little heavier but still very thin. I have to use a little more than the product directs but it absorbs super fast and doesn’t leave any kind of weird feeling on the skin. I do use this only at night and I make sure to use a sunscreen during the day. It has absolutely no scent which I also like as I can never figure out why they have to add fragrance to everything. There’s a window on the side of the bottle which I also super appreciate so I always know how much is in there. I love Kiehl’s and I trust this brand so if you’re looking for an effective retinol treatment I highly recommend this one! Effective Retinol