I’m going to give it to you straight in this review as a big skincare enthusiast who wants you to buy the right products for YOU.I am a huge believer in microneedling, but with stipulations (that this device meets, more on that later). However I don’t think it is something every last person needs. Microneedling the right way is a pricey treatment, and it is for: *hyperpigmentation*. It has anti aging benefits, but so does LED (one time cost via home devices.) It’s the wrong system entirely for acne (go with benzoyl peroxide/retinoids). But for stubborn scars and/or age spots - nothing beats microneedling. Nothing.Here’s the deal with this device: they did it right. Dermarollers are an unsafe system; proper microneedling involves disposable needles.As such, this system is more pricey. Far less pricey than in-office ($20/treatment after the initial purchase), but still an investment. FaceGym also threw me a curveball with the vibration aspect. At first I went “but why?” However, as someone who has used more standard microneedling-I quickly discovered that this aspect makes for a far more enjoyable experience. I expected more pain for no more gain, but I appreciate the vibrations now that I’ve used it. It helped me get into the groove better so to speak.As for the liquid aspect. Tbh it could work better. It’s a little tricky to get it to come out evenly, and there’s always liquid left behind. This aspect could be improved, although I get the principle of widening channels within your skin for greater absorption. Nice idea, execution is 4 stars. In complete fairness, this is true with every similar device I’ve tried.Does it lead to results? Yes. Overnight, I see improved radiance - every single time. In several years of microneedling, I can personally attest to the reduction in hyperpigmentation.My tip is: use this once weekly, thoroughly treating your skin. More than that isn’t really necessary IMHO. $80 a month, and the results WILL be worth it Experienced microneedler's opinion