I like this device. It’s easy to use, and I can physically feel the results as well as see them. They are incredibly minor however, as I am 25 and not really in the same age range I think a lot of people using this are. I use this as a preventative measure for now, so I was not expecting radical change. I do however, notice a slight difference in my brow, it gives my eyes a little more alertness to them. Don’t get this expecting crazy results. You’re better off seeking a dermatologist if you can afford to. I would never buy this full price, I got it on sale. Save your money and be patient if this is something you want. Also, I use aloe Vera gel as the conductive gel. I found some from garnier that doesn’t have a ton of additives or colourant that’s works great. I also recommend you keep a little mister of water to use to keep things wet while you’re using this. The biggest cons I’ve experienced: -time consuming -pricey -and the app can be annoying, although I’ve seen people say they can’t seem to use the device without the app and I have not had that experience. I can use the device without the app. You may need to press the button differently if this is happening to you? Best pros: -it does work to some capacity, is it astonishing? No. But is it worth it for me personally? Yes. Please don’t get this if you want drastic results, you will be disappointed and out a lot of money. Also, if you know you will not have the time or patience to do this everyday really think about that before you buy this. I am really dedicated to my skincare and I have a very flexible schedule, and I even found the amount of time You need to dedicate to doing this a little frustrating. Do not get this if you know you can’t dedicate time to it, you’ll be wasting your money as this needs daily use in order for the results to be worth it. If you’re interested in this product, I highly recommend labmuffin beauty’s YouTube video on micro current devices, this one specifically. Good, but really think before you buy