REN Clean Skincare Evercalm™ Overnight Recovery Balm Is The Fountain Of Youth In A Jar! Thankfully I received a full-sized sample courtesy of BzzAgent, otherwise I’d still be oblivious to this skincare gem. Although I’ve currently established a skincare routine comprised of numerous products from several Brands, I’m always up to try new products as skincare is always improving as it evolves and Ren Evercalm Overnight Recovery Balm is a prime example of this. First off, it takes very little product to cover your entire face, neck and decollete as it almost melts between your fingers, meaning less is more and also makes for unbelievable easy applications. It seriously glides seamlessly across your skin as it’s immediately absorbed, meaning your treated areas feeling soft, supple and hydrated immediately. What’s even sweeter is it does all its work while you’re sleeping and you awake to skin that’s equally soft, supple and hydrated as well as it looking refreshed, renewed and more youthful the longer that you use it. I love that this product is full of ingredients that you’d expect and want to find in your skincare products while sans ingredients that you don’t want. And while it contains numerous natural oils I’ve not had any breakouts even though I’ve got an oily t-zone with a chin that is very acne prone. In addition to maintaining clear, healthy, refreshed skin, I’ve also noticed that my fine lines appear diminished while my skin looks and feels more firm overall. I am extremely pleased with my results thus far and I’m only a few weeks into its addition to my nighttime skincare routine. One quick and simple application before bedtime is yielding results fabulous enough that I’m already getting compliments and inquires as to what I’m doing different/using and I love it! REN Clean Skincare Evercalm™ Overnight Recovery Balm definitely gets two very enthusiastic thumbs up from me & is totally a beauty bag MUST-HAVE!!!!! it is the Fountain Of Youth In A Jar!!!!! Fountain Of Youth In A Jar