I recieved this as a complimentary sample from Influenster.My review is based on my skin type (normal/dehydrated/acne-prone) and my usage (two days, morning and night).I used this product after my normal skincare routine. I used my Kate Somerville Goatmilk cleanser and a Rosewater toner. While the toner was still wet, I took an amount that covered my fingertip on my index finger and applied the moisturizer to my face, neck, and back of my hands. Once it was applied, my face first felt wet. It took about three minutes for my skin to fully absorb it. My skin felt cool, plump and hydrated; not tight, itchy, nor dry. Before applying, my skin felt tight and uncomfortable. After application, my skin felt much better. My skin still looked dull, but there was an improvement compared to before. This moisturizer’s texture is light, water-based, and non-sticky, nor oily. It was very comfortable and I believe it will work well with most primers and/or foundations. I felt the effects of the moisturizer all day, my skin felt plump and not dry/flaky until I went to the gym (of course). After my nightime routine, I followed the same skin care regiment and applied the moisturizer. Again, my skin felt cool, hydrated and much better than before. Reminder that Clinique’s products are fragrance-free, so this would work well with sensitive/reactive skin. I didn’t have a breakout with this product.For the record, I have bought, and will continue to buy, the rest of the Moisture line. It’s probably my favorite from Clinique. I’m giving this producr a 4 out of 5 stars, as I’m comparing it to the rest of the Moisture line and I think the mist and serum are the stars of the line. This is good, works well, but I wasn’t wowed. I would recommend this product to someone looking for a no-fuss moisturizer, who’s skin is dehydrated and potentially sensitive. I do like this product, but I’m not feeling inclined to buy it due to what I’m currently using (and preferring at this time). Lightweight moisturizer for all skin types