I received this product complimentary from Influenster + Clinique in exchange for my honest review! Smart Clinical Repair Wrinkle Correcting CreamfromClinique is a powerful addition to their most advanced de-aging line! I have combination + aging skin. Visibly noticeable are the loss of elasticity, fine lines & wrinkles, whuch are all areas of concerns that I try to address with my skincare beauty products!Wanting to try a new facial moisturizer, that addresses all of these areas, while offering a natural collagen boost and fortifying my skin barrier, I was so ecstatic to try, Smart Clinical Repair Wrinkle Correcting Cream from Clinique. Plus, I am already obsessed with Clinique’s Smart Clinical Repair Wrinkle Correcting EYE Cream!Upon first applying, I noticed that this moisturizer’s consistency & texture were near perfect for my skin; lightweight, creamy, not too thick, thin or watery, not too oily and certainly not dry!I appreciate the fact that it is fragrance-free, and how it took only a small amount to get the full-face & neck coverage my skin needed to feel moisturized all over! My skin didn’t feel the smothering effects that some moisturizer’s can make it, thankfully! It had more of a hydrated look and feel with a refreshing dewy finish! I also appreciate knowing that Clinique had this moisturizer, Dermatologist tested, formulated for all skin types and allergy tested! I have trusted this beauty brand, love their products and feel they care about their customers. Smart Clinical Repair Wrinkle Correcting Cream promised to–deliver INSTANT skin smoothing hydration, while visibly calming, soothing & instantly brightening my skin with long lasting effects!  After my first application, I must say that I agree with this said promise! My skin instantly felt the hydration, deep within, and felt smoother immediately! I have to also mention the way it made my skin feel and look calmed and over time brighter! My areas of concerns are being visibly repaired! Visibly Repaired Wrinkles before my very eyes