“I received these products for free fromInfluenster and Clinique in exchange for my honest review. So I’ll start with saying I’m a big fan of Clinique products, but, I find them a little overwhelming because they just have so many products/lines. I have the moisture surge hydrator, and lipid replenishing hydrator - but at 42, on most days, they weren’t enough for the whole day. I’d usually have to add some moisture surge mid day. I knew I needed something a little more ‘intense’, but wasn’t sure which product to try in the Clinique family of products. For nighttime ’repair’, I’ve been using a brand that is known for how well it works on ‘wrinkles and stretch marks’. I won’t say their name, but they are pricy, and well known. I do like them, but, I am now kicking myself for having just ordered the biggest thing of their cream, after trying this amazing Clinique Smart Clinical repair wrinkle correcting cream! Clinique Smart Clinical Repair wrinkle correcting cream has a silky texture, sinks right into skin, and floods skin with moisture, and skin loving ingredients that plumps fine lines, and gets rid of dry spots. Once it soaks in, it just feels like your skin, but better. No actives, or acids - it’s peptide based. Great under makeup, and sunscreen. Absolutely no pilling. Most face creams *feel* like a nice face cream. And that’s okay. But clinical smart repair feels like your skin, just better! And the results build upon each other. My skin has definitely shown visible improvement in the short time I’ve been using the sample. Only thing I would of changed is a bigger sample LOL. I’m all in on this whole line!! I want the biggest jar Clinique carries, the serum, and eye cream next! Sometimes a multi-step skincare routine feels like luxury, other times, it can be a real chore! Smart clinical Repair wrinkle correcting cream gives you the results you want, in a simple step. It’s rich and nourishing all on its own, making it an easy choice to maintain aging skin. 35+ this is the cream!