I had never heard of Hyper Skin before trying this product but I love their packaging and I think this duo is a great value. This duo features Hyper Skin’s Gentle Brightening Cleansing Gel with Mandelic Acid & the Brightening Dark Spot Vitamin C Serum. Gentle Brightening Cleansing Gel:The box containing this duo smelled like the tangerine/citrus scents from the Body Shop. The culprit of this delightfully fresh smell is the brightening cleansing gel, and it struck me as a nice scent to use in the morning to help wake you up. Which is great since this cleanser is gentle enough for both AM/PM use and works well with acne-prone skin! The texture is a very thick gel that can be hard to spread and even harder to remove if you use too much product. So it’s best to follow their advice and use only a dime-sized amount for each cleanse and lather it in your palms. What’s great about that is that this cleanser will last you a long time before running out so the price point is worth it. I thought it was interesting to note that the instructions also recommend letting the cleanser sit for thirty seconds before washing off which is something I don’t see often! Brightening Dark Spot Vitamin C Serum:This Vitamin C serum is a powerful little bottle to help fade hyperpigmentation more efficiently. Texture-wise this feels almost like a mix of an oil and gel to me; it’s thick enough to not slide right off your fingers/face but when spread it it glides over the face easily in a thin layer. The serum is smooth on the face and adds a glow but it also leaves a slight tacky film (less so than some other Vitamin C serums though). As for the packaging, even though the serum looks small I think this would last at least a month. However, the price is a little much for the quantity so if you’re on a budget then a different active ingredient product may be better for you. As for anything regarding skincare, consistency is key and you cannot see hyperpigmentation disappear overnight. Great Value Set