The Belif The true cream aqua bomb is the bomb! It is the hydrating bomb 💣! Do we still use that phrase? I’m bringing it back to express just how great and hydrating this delicious SPF 50 sunscreen sets on the skin for sun protection. Here is the benefits:✨-SPF 50 — anything higher isn’t worth the buy. The truth is that higher-SPF products are only marginally better at shielding you from UVB, according to both the EWG and the Skin Cancer Foundation. SPF 30 blocks nearly 97% of UVB radiation, SPF 50 blocks about 98%, and SPF 100 blocks about 99%. So 50 is just perfect!✨- Goes On Light With NO WHITE RESIDUE! *insert Happy Dance*. One thing I didn’t like about my other face sunscreen was the amount of white residue it left, how heavy it is and how strongly it smelled of sunscreen but this one goes on lightly with applying 0.4oz (approximately the size enough to cover the bottom of a shot glass or from the top of a finger to the first crease) to the face and neck! 🚨 Reapply as often as you can if out in the sun for an extensive amount of time! 🚨 Doesn’t smell strong but you knows its sunscreen and leaves skin feeling light and soft. I have not experienced any breakouts with this sunscreen which is a huge plus, within one month of use. ✨-Helps Protect Against The Visible Signs of Premature Aging. This sunscreen does not settle on the crest of skin but rather lathers in very well leaving skin aqua hydrated!✨- Does Not Grease Throughout The Day Nor Make Skin Greasy! No oily residue in forehead, chin, nose or cheekbones throughout the day. Perfect for wearing under makeup and protecting skin from premature aging! All skins are different but I encourage you to try this SPF. One thing is for sure — WE ALL NEED SUN PROTECTION 🌞 Applying sunscreen daily may seem like an unnecessary step to add to your skincare regimen, especially if you are just going from the car to your office and back again, but it is crucial to maintaining the health of your skin. I recommend the The aqua-bombtastic 💣