As a general dentist, one of the most common questions I get from my patients is about tooth whitening, especially nowadays with tooth whitening marketing that is occurring on social media. I was recently on a flight and struck up a conversation and after learning that I was a dentist, she was asking me about another over-the-counter tooth whitening product that is very similar to this product and I was not familiar with it but I did my homework and researched it. Now I am happy to be given a free sample of this GLO SCIENCE BRILLIANT WHITE SMILE SET to try. By training, I am naturally skeptical of new whitening products available on the market. I regularly whiten my teeth with other methods so my baseline is high and my results might not be as vivid. However, it had been a number of months since I last whitened and I did have some surface staining present initially. The product comes in a cool package with everything you need to get started. I charged up my Glo control device by USB (unfortunately it did take approx 5 hours). The whitening agent is a safe, hydrogen peroxide based solution which you apply onto your teeth using the brush head on the capsule. You then bite down on the lighted mouth piece for an 8 minute session that is timed by the device. The instructions call for three 8 minute sessions a day for 5 consecutive days and then touch up monthly. It also includes a vegan lip balm to help protect the lips and other soft tissues from the whitening agent. The action of biting on the blue light in combination with the light heat emitted helps accelerate the whitening reaction. The entire process was pretty easy and straightforward and as the product claims, I did not experience any sensitivity. I wished the product beard the American Dental Association seal of approval. Overall I wouldn’t expect this product to perform as well as a professional whitening treatment but is probably better than most OTC whitening products and is affordable. A safe, reliable, OTC tooth whitening product