Let me start by saying I have loved Fresh Sugar lip balm for years! I tend to have super dry lips, and I live in a dry climate, so Sugar has been my savior lip treatment. The formula was apparently in the process of changing to remove the SPF, so it’s been hard to find in stores and online for the past few months as they cleared out the old product and brought in the new. I bought it in Bloom (my old favorite) and Papaya (a brand new color) as soon as I discovered it was back. (I tried to select Papaya to show in my review but the app is being weird! It’s the color I’m wearing in the second pic.) So, the good news: the smell is still delightful, like vanilla-lemon? I’ve never quite been able to put my finger on it! The colors are beautiful—Fresh doesn’t offer a huge selection, but my previous experience with almost all of the colors is that they’re all very wearable, and many leave a lovely stain on your lips. The Papaya is BEAUTIFUL. It’s a pretty coral pink, less intense than the actual Coral color that Sugar also comes in. The Bloom is also pretty, a subtle mauve-y pink, not as rosy as Rose. The formula swipes on smooth, not sticky, very easy to wear. The packaging (chunky tube with a twist off lid, matches the color of the balm) is still perfect. And the bad news? Well, I’ll miss the sunscreen. Since it’s the main thing I’ve worn, I don’t have a good SPF alternative for my lips. They removed the shimmer from Bloom. It was so pretty with the shimmer! Pretty bummed about that. But the biggest thing is that I THINK they changed the formula to “stabilize” the product. (Raise your hand if you’ve ever melted your Sugar in your hot car/pocket/purse!) I could be wrong about that, but given that it feels like it takes a lot more swipes to build up that buttery feeling I’m used to, and then it still never quite achieves the same feeling, I’m going to go out on a limb and say they changed it. I’ll probably continue to buy it, but it’s just not quite the same. Formula has changed