I loved the results...however if you are susceptible to migraines or even if your just sensitive to some smells/chemicals I’d be careful.I used this product twice before calling it quits. I am very pale and 4 drops per leg mixed with my regular moisturizer was perfect!! Took the harshness out of my bright pale skin, was exactly what I was looking for. After the very first application I was so happy, but then after 24 hours I started to get a migraine.  Like one of the worst I’ve ever had in my life, was nauseous, couldn’t eat, body was aching. Thought I was getting Covid tbh lol. This lasted just under 36 hours!Please not I am not someone who regularly gets headaches or migraines at all. Don’t even remember the last time I had one.Then after I felt better, the weekend was coming had an evening event to go to, so the night before I put another round of those perfect 4 drops onto my legs.When i was out to that event, another migraine started coming (again around the 24h mark after putting it on) I couldn’t handle it, had to go home, same symptoms etc. This time I got a phone appointment with my Doctor as again, I NEVER get headaches. We went over so many possibilities, then she asked me if i’ve introduced any new products into my routine recently. DING DING. Yes actually, the self tanning drops.She asked me to list off the first few ingredients for her and then immediately goes “ohhh“. I was like..??.. Ingredient #2: Dihydroxyacetone; has been medically linked to causing headaches/migraines.She gave me some recommendations for better pain relief which did help, but this one again lasted almost 36 hours. I haven’t used the drops for over a week now and no more headaches. I am unfortunately scared to try again because that type of head pain for that long is just NOT worth it for me. Just wanted to put my experience out there in case it might help someone else.I give 3 stars and would give 4 because I really did LOVE the results. :( sad times for me. LOVE the results, not worth the headache for me