Despite having oily skin, it’s also dehydrated and has a tendency to feel ’tight’ after cleansing and especially when the weather turns cooler. I recently travelled to somewhere a lot colder than what I’m used to and that’s where I got to put this product to the test. The formula is like a thick lotion which sinks in quite quickly and leaves a slight sheen behind. For this reason I opted to only use it on a night time. And I have to say it did the trick! I skipped my usual serum and just applied a dab of this after cleansing. Immediately I felt my skin was more comfortable. It remained that way overnight and into the following morning. I also used it on the plane journey back, although I found the ’glow’ too much, even after blotting with tissue. I therefore came to the conclusion that I could only realistically get away with using this on a night. For what it’s worth, my skin stayed hydrated on the flight back. Unlike the previous formulation which I also once tried, the latest incarnation doesn’t contain peppermint oil or fragrance, and I find that I can use this around my eye area (but again only on a night) whereas it used to sting back then. With winter on its way, I can see this is something I will be using often. The ingredients are good, the product works, and although it’s a bit pricey, it doesn’t cost the earth. My only gripe is the metal tube it comes in, which starts to crease and ends up becoming a task to get the product out of.~ My Sephora Top 7 must-have list ~(My top 7 must-have beauty products of all time, focusing mainly on my purchases at Sephora)1. Hair Loss Treatment: ‘Divine Herbal’ - Hair Oil 2. Shampoo: ’Sephora Collection’ - Deep Cleaning Shampoo3. Face Mask: ‘Peter Thomas Roth’ – Pumpkin Enzyme Mask 4. Pigmentation + Anti-Aging Serum: ‘Divine Herbal’ - Facial Treatment Serum5. Face Scrub: ‘Sisley’ - Botanical Gentle Buffing Cream6. Lip Balm: ‘Nuxe’ – Reve De Miel Lip Balm7. Lip Liner: ‘Sephora Collection’ - Rouge Gel Lip Liner Effective on dehydrated skin...