I have been testing this kit of minis for about two weeks. I’ve finished the concentrated ginseng cream in that time period, but I still have plenty of each of the other products to use! I have primarily been using these products in my night time routine. My skin type is dry and sensitive.When I first opened these products, I noticed a strong fragrance of ginseng and was nervous that I would experience fragrance sensitivity. However, while the scent is strong, I didn’t notice any detrimental effects on my skin while using these products.The foaming cleanser comes out as a normal liquid but lathers very much when you rub your hands together. You only need one tiny pump to wash your whole face due to how intensely it lathers! I don’t typically use face cleansers that lather due to my dry skin. However, this cleanser left my skin feeling clean but not stripped or parched. I was comfortable using it and did not experience dryness.The first care serum is lovely! It has a smooth, glycerin-like texture that glides over the skin. It left my skin feeling smooth and dried down slightly tacky. I enjoyed this because I do like for my products to leave a protective layer on the skin.The balancing water was a new concept for me.  I expected this product to be very thin like an essence, but it is thicker in consistency like an essence-serum hybrid. Patting it on my skin left it feeling plump and hydrated. I really enjoyed this project, and I think it’s my favorite in the set!The concentrated ginseng cream has a smooth, yogurt-like consistency. Applying this product over the serum and balancing water really seemed to lock in the moisture well. I was impressed with the barrier this product leaves on the skin, I can sleep with it on and wake up feeling like my skin is still plump and hydrated.Overall, I’ve really enjoyed testing these products out! It has made me very curious to try more from Sulwhasoo, and I think I will be looking into a full size of the balancing water Great opportunity to try the brand!