I have mixed feelings about this product and I must say I’m not even sure if this works. I’ve always wanted to try micro needling but I’m afraid of needles but this micro needling isn’t really needles it’s a sharper skin care product that dissolves into your skin like micro needling patches you get for pimples or for dark spots on your skin. With that said knowing that I was less hesitant to use this product. The problem is from the get-go you have to scan a QR code there are no instructions in the packaging. You have to watch a video to learn that you’re supposed to buy a special serum used with this. Luckily I had some plain hyaluronic acid from Glow Recipe. That’s the problem because now that you’re applying hyaluronic acid serum to your face during the application process! So you really can’t tell if your lines are plumping up from the serum or the roller or a combination of both.I should also know installing the head on the roller was problematic. And that to fix it I had to touch the roller head and cross contaminate it with my fingers! Did the microneedles hurt? yhey did and you can see my picture that I’m hosting with this review that my forehead is Red. It hurt on the forehead at her on the neck. Did my lights plump up some of them did. Of course I didn’t notice that happening until we were halfway through and they had to supply the serum I didn’t go over your face again with the roller.I was in aware I can’t use any of my regular skin care products for a few days after using this as well you’re this at the end of the video!And you should know that the storm they want you to use with this roller is $68 so for the price you’re spending on the roller and the serum you can go out and get an actual facial from an esthetician. Depending on where you go you can probably get 2 to 3 facials actually. Which might be a more relaxing a better experience than us.  I will use the second roller. I won’t re-purchase any more roller heads. Overpriced treatment you can use twice